A Study on Layer Connection Strategies in Stacked Convolutional Deep Belief Networks
L Guo, S Li, X Niu, Y Dou - 2014
Abstract. This paper presents a study on the layer connections in stacked convolutional 
networks. To this purpose, three layer connection types namely: diverging connection, 
neighboring connection and full connection have been compared in convolutional deep ...

[PDF] Scalable Learning for Restricted Boltzmann Machines
E Barshan, P Fieguth - 2014
ABSTRACT We propose Eigen-RBM, a scalable Restricted Boltzmann Machine (RBM) for 
visual recognition in which the number of free parameters to learn is independent of the 
image size. Eigen-RBM exploits the global structure of the image and does not impose ...

[PDF] CARS2: Learning Context-aware Representations for Context-aware Recommendations
Y Shia, A Karatzogloub, L Baltrunasb, M Larsonc… - Proceedings of the 23rd …, 2014
ABSTRACT Rich contextual information is typically available in many recommendation 
domains allowing recommender systems to model the subtle effects of context on 
preferences. Most contextual models assume that the context shares the same latent ...

[PDF] Automated computation of arbor densities: a step toward identifying neuronal cell types
U Sümbül, A Zlateski, A Vishwanathan, RH Masland… - Name: Frontiers in …, 2014
... As 51 a first step to reconstruct a sparsely labeled neuron, we use a convolutional network
(LeCun et al., 52 1998), which is a supervised machine-learning architecture, to enhance
the image quality and suppress the 53 acquistion noise. ...

[PDF] Multi-View Perceptron: a Deep Model for Learning Face Identity and View Representations
Z Zhu, P Luo, X Wang, X Tang
... seven state-of-the-art methods in Table 1. The first three methods are based on 3D face models
and the remaining ones are 2D feature extraction methods, including deep models, such as FIP
[28] and RL [28], which employed the traditional convolutional network to recover the ...

[PDF] How transferable are features in deep neural networks?
J Yosinski, J Clune, Y Bengio, H Lipson
... We train one eight-layer convolutional network on A and another on B. These networks,
which we call baseA and baseB, are shown in the top two rows of Figure 1. We then
choose a layer n from {1, 2,..., 7} and train several new networks. ...

Eye Localization Based on Multi-Channel Correlation Filter Bank
R Yang, S Ge, K Xie, S Chen
Page 1. Eye Localization Based on Multi-Channel Correlation Filter Bank Rui
Yang1,2,3, Shiming Ge1,2,⋆ , Kaixuan Xie1,2,3, and Shuixian Chen1,2 1 State Key
Laboratory of Information Security, IIE, CAS, China 2 Beijing Key ...

A Study on Layer Connection Strategies in Stacked Convolutional Deep Belief Networks
L Guo, S Li, X Niu, Y Dou - 2014
... set of hidden variables. In a traditional RBM all visible variables are connected to
all hidden variables with independent weights. By stacking multilayer RBMs, a deep
belief network (DBN) can be achieved. For training of this ...

[PDF] Racing to Learn: Statistical Inference and Learning in a Single Spiking Neuron with Adaptive Kernels
S Afshar, L George, J Tapson, A van Schaik… - Name: Frontiers in …, 2014
Page 1. Racing to Learn: Statistical Inference and Learning in a Single Spiking Neuron
with Adaptive Kernels Saeed Afshar, Libin George, Jonathan Tapson, André
van_Schaik and Tara Julia Hamilton Journal Name: Frontiers ...

[PDF] PERFORMANCE ANALYSIS OF THE RECENT ROLE OF OMSA APPROACHES IN ONLINE SOCIAL NETWORKS
JA Kumar, S Abirami, S Murugappan
... attribute. Finally, evaluates the customer satisfaction by considering all attributes.
2.13 Fuzzy deep belief network Shusen Zhou et al. [14] constructed a two step semi-
supervised learning method for the sentiment classification. ...

[PDF] CARS2: Learning Context-aware Representations for Context-aware Recommendations
Y Shi, A Karatzoglou, L Baltrunas, M Larson, A Hanjalic - Proceedings of the 23rd …, 2014
Abstract Rich contextual information is typically available in many recommendation domains 
allowing recommender systems to model the subtle effects of context on preferences. Most 
contextual models assume that the context shares the same latent space with the users ...

Fashionable Technology, Fashion Waves, and Post-Adoption Regret and Satisfaction
H Sun, F Luo, J London, X Jiao - 2014
Abstract This research attempts to understand user adoption of fashionable technologies 
(eg, iPhone or iPad) and the influence of fashion waves on adopters of both fashionable and 
non-fashionable technologies. A research model was developed based on the regret ...

Efficient Training of Convolutional Deep Belief Networks in the Frequency Domain for Application to High-Resolution 2D and 3D Images
T Brosch, R Tam - 2014
Deep learning has traditionally been computationally expensive, and advances in training 
methods have been the prerequisite for improving its efficiency in order to expand its 
application to a variety of image classification problems. In this letter, we address the ...

Improved contact predictions using the recognition of protein like contact patterns.
MJ Skwark, D Raimondi, M Michel, A Elofsson - PLoS computational biology, 2014
... protein and thus are interdependent. Here, we present PconsC2, a novel method
that uses a deep learning approach to identify protein-like contact patterns to improve
contact predictions. A substantial enhancement can be ...

Efficient Training of Convolutional Deep Belief Networks in the Frequency Domain for Application to High-Resolution 2D and 3D Images
T Brosch, R Tam - 2014
... Deep learning has traditionally been computationally expensive, and advances in
training methods have been the prerequisite for improving its efficiency in order to
expand its application to a variety of image classification problems. ...

Predicting parameters in deep learning
B Shakibi - 2014
The recent success of large and deep neural network models has motivated the training of 
even larger and deeper networks with millions of parameters. Training these models usually 
requires parallel training methods where communicating large number of parameters ...

[PDF] CARS2: Learning Context-aware Representations for Context-aware Recommendations
Y Shi, A Karatzoglou, L Baltrunas, M Larson, A Hanjalic - Proceedings of the 23rd …, 2014
Page 1. CARS2: Learning Context-aware Representations for Context-aware
Recommendations Yue Shia, Alexandros Karatzogloub , Linas Baltrunasb , Martha
Larsonc, Alan Hanjalicc aYahoo Labs, USA; bTelefonica Research ...

FIONA: a platform for embodied cognitive agents
C Alvarez, L Fernández Cossío - Proceedings of the second international conference …, 2014

Learning through movement: A comparison of learning fraction skills on a digital playful learning environment with a sedentary computer-task
B de Koning-Veenstra, HW Steenbeek, MWG van Dijk… - Learning and Individual …, 2014
... Optimal learning requires the process to be fun, which can increase children's engagement
or authentic motivation (Hirsh-Pasek et al., 2009). As a consequence, deep learning can
occur (Csikszentmihalyi, 1990 and Ryan and Deci, 2000). ...

A hierarchical structure for gesture recognition using RGB-D sensor
H Choi, H Park - Proceedings of the second international conference on …, 2014
... ACM has opted to expose the complete List rather than only correct and linked
references. 1. Chen, B., Ting, J.-A., Marlin, B., and de Freitas, N. Deep learning of
invariant spatio-temporal features from video. In Proc. NIPS (2010). ...

Toward Sustainability with the Coordinated Freight Distribution of Municipal Goods
M Björklund, S Gustafsson - Journal of Cleaner Production, 2014
... However, knowledge is of little value if not communicated and translated into action (Senge et
al., 2006). Widening the system's perspective in this way could thereby lead to deep learning,
in which knowledge is converted into a reflective practice that considers context. ...

Measuring Video Game Engagement Through the Cognitive and Affective Dimensions
D Sharek, E Wiebe - Simulation & Gaming, 2014
... This willingness to pursue obtainable challenges is deeply rooted in social cognitive theory of
self-efficacy (Bandura, 1977). Csikszentmihalyi (1990) indicates that one of the hallmarks of flow
is a state of engaged concentration, an important component of deep learning. ...

[PDF] INSTRUCTOR INFLUENCE ON SELF-EFFICACY IN WOMEN WITH GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS
JH Buck - 2014
... only one to two students/semester expressed disappointment. A student comment emphasized
the deep learning which students need through these experiences; “this exercise was the highlight
of the physiology lab for me because it drove home the reason that it was so ...

Using interactive online role-playing simulations to develop global competency and to prepare engineering students for a globalised world
D May, K Wold, S Moore - European Journal of Engineering Education, 2014
... an ambiguous, universal problem. We further wanted to contextualise course
concepts by providing opportunities for deep learning in ways that cannot easily
be replicated in traditional classroom settings. Using role-playing ...

An Approach to Complex Agent-based Negotiations via Effectively Modeling Unknown Opponents
S Chen, G Weiss - Expert Systems with Applications, 2014
... the other negotiation party. In addition, a novel knowledge transfer method of learning
opponent models for negotiating agents based on deep learning machines is
developed in Chen et al. (2013). This method, while useful ...

A comparison of 3D shape retrieval methods based on a large-scale benchmark supporting multimodal queries
B Li, Y Lu, C Li, A Godil, T Schreck, M Aono… - Computer Vision and Image …, 2014
Large-scale 3D shape retrieval has become an important research direction in content-based
3D shape retrieval. To promote this research area, two Shape Retrieva.

[HTML] Perceptual learning
IL Chevrolet
... VID EO. Visual Perception with Deep Learning. Google Tech Talks April, 9 2008 ABSTRACT
A long-term goal of Machine Learning research is to solve highy complex "intelligent" tasks, such
as visual ... Video Embedding FROM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3boKlkPBckA. ...

[PDF] “Involve me, and I will understand”: How to Engage Students in Political Science Classes
L Klymenko
... central. The teacher is no longer an authoritative source, but acts as a mentor who
supports students' deep learning. The student's role accordingly changes from a
passive listener to an active con- structor of knowledge. Adopting ...

[PDF] Deep Recursive Neural Networks for Compositionality in Language
O Irsoy, C Cardie
... level. This is especially important for deep learning, since it allows a richer supervised
error signal to be backpropagated across the network, potentially alleviating vanishing
gradients associated with deep neural networks [13]. ...

[PDF] The effect of combined cognitive and metacognitive strategies on learning of the students of Tarbiat Moalem of ShahidRajayi of Qazvin
AM Gazorkhani, H Mashhadi, N Yousefi
... al 328 is based on the researches regarding learning and human communications
and human and non-human resources to provide more effective, stable and deep
learning and teaching (Ahadian et al., 2002). The educational ...

[HTML] Search Periodicals
LM Gambino
... Barrett, H. 2004. “Electronic Portfolios as Digital Stories of Deep Learning: Emerging
Digital Tools to Support Reflection in Learner-Centered Portfolios.” http://
electronicportfolios.org/digistory/epstory.html. Connect to Learning. 2014. ...

[PDF] AUTOMATED GENE EXPRESSION PATTERN ANNOTATION IN THE MOUSE BRAIN
TAO YANG, X ZHAO, B LIN, TAO ZENG, S JI, J YE
... Extensive experiments have been conducted on the atlas and results demonstrate the
effectiveness of the proposed approach. One of our future direc- tions is to explore deep
learning models to learn feature representations from ISH images. ...

[PDF] ASPiH: THE FIRST 5 YEARS (2009 2014). DEVELOPING EXPERTISE, INNOVATION, AND EVIDENCE
B Baxendale, MA Anderson
Page 1. ASPiH: THE FIRST 5 YEARS (2009 2014). DEVELOPING EXPERTISE,
INNOVATION, AND EVIDENCE The Association for Simulated Practice in Healthcare
(ASPiH) is a not-for-profit organisation representing a membership ...

Efficient Training of Convolutional Deep Belief Networks in the Frequency Domain for Application to High-Resolution 2D and 3D Images
T Brosch, R Tam - 2014
... In order to scale DBNs to high-resolution images, Lee, Grosse, Ranganath, and Ng (2009,
2011) introduced the convolutional deep belief network (convDBN), a deep generative model
that uses weight sharing to reduce the number of trainable weights. ...

[HTML] BIMMER: a novel algorithm for detecting differential DNA methylation regions from MBDCap-seq data
Z Mao, C Ma, THM Huang, Y Chen, Y Huang - BMC Bioinformatics, 2014
Abstract DNA methylation is a common epigenetic marker that regulates gene expression. A 
robust and cost-effective way for measuring whole genome methylation is Methyl-CpG 
binding domain-based capture followed by sequencing (MBDCap-seq). In this study, we ...

[PDF] Predicting parameters in deep learning
B Shakibi - 2014
The recent success of large and deep neural network models has motivated the training of 
even larger and deeper networks with millions of parameters. Training these models usually 
requires parallel training methods where communicating large number of parameters ...

Communities of Inquiry in Online Nurse Practitioner Education
L Posey, S Davis, L Briggs, B Sheingold - The Journal for Nurse Practitioners, 2014
... within online collaborative groups. To promote deep learning among online learners,
educators should employ strategies that purposefully guide learners through the
four phases of practical inquiry. Cognitive presence, in the ...

[PDF] Trends in Digital Pedagogies: Implications for South African Universities Expanding through Hybrid Online Education
C De Wet - Mediterranean Journal of Social Sciences, 2014
... IEEE Transactions on Engineering Management, 50(4), 403-412. Fullan, M., & Langworthy,
M. (2014). A rich seam: how new pedagogies find deep learning. London: Pearson. Goodfellow,
R. (2011). Literacy, litracies and the digital in higher education. ...

Text Mining with the Stanford CoreNLP
M Song, T Chambers - Measuring Scholarly Impact, 2014
... model to identify and label sequences of words in the text which are identifiable things (people,
company names, locations, etc.); a co-reference resolution system (Lee et al., 2011); and sentiment
analysis tools (Socher et al., 2013), which employ a deep learning model to build ...

[PDF] Enclothed Cognition and Controlled Attention during Insight Problem-Solving
MS DeCaro - The Journal of Problem Solving, 2014
Page 1. 73 docs.lib.purdue.edu/jps 2014 | Volume 7 Journal of Problem Solving
SPECIAL ISSUE Enclothed Cognition and Controlled Attention During Insight
Problem-Solving Charles A. Van Stockum, Jr.,1 and Marci S. DeCaro1 ...

[PDF] DEEP LEARNING FOR OBJECTIVE QUALITY ASSESSMENT OF 3D IMAGES
DC Mocanu, G Exarchakos, A Liotta
ABSTRACT Improving the users' Quality of Experience (QoE) in modern 3D Multimedia 
Systems is a challenging proposition, mainly due to our limited knowledge of 3D image 
Quality Assessment algorithms. While subjective QoE methods would better reflect the ...

[PDF] Handwritten Digits Classification
E Bengio, Y Wen, S Ruan
... and preprocessing techniques may be capable of improving the prediction accuracy in Naive
Bayes or Sup- port Vector Machines, but it appears to us that it is unfea- sible to achieve an
accuracy as high (above 90%) as other more sophisticated algorithms in deep learning. ...

[HTML] Special Issue: Teaching and learning
G Samkin, L Stainbank
... Accounting Education: An International Journal, Vol. 22 No. 2, pp. 168-192. Turner, M. &
Baskerville, R. (2013). “The experience of deep learning by accounting students”, Accounting
Education: An International Journal, Vol. 22, No. 6, pp. 582-604.. ...

Nation-wide Information Literacy e-Course for Secondary School Teachers and Students
K Miil, V Seiler - The Second European Conference on Information …
... Active learning and formative assessment support deep learning; information search skills
are acquired and practiced in practical work. The participants are more confident in their
searches and more critical in selecting information sources. ...

[PDF] University of LIFE
A Terblanche
... Our dignity and self-esteem will be restored be- cause we won't feel judged and condemned
but supported in our quest for self-enhancement and self-discovery. We will be encouraged to
fail and to learn from the mistakes as to enable deep learning and fuel our curiosity. ...

[PDF] Enhancing Clinical Education in the Health Professions
G Hotel, SL Colombo
Page 1. 1 South East Asian Regional Association for Medical Educationri Forum of Sri Lankan
Medical Educationists, Sri Lanka “Enhancing Clinical Education in the Health Professions”
PROCEEDINGS Galadari Hotel Colombo, Sri Lanka 12th – 15th November, 2014 Page 2. ...

[PDF] Brief Introduction to the Artists and their Work
N Tosa, Y Kawaguchi
Page 1. Page 2. Alex May and Anna Dumitriu are the UK-based artist duo presenting
the Robot artwork HARR1 My Robot Companion previously shown at Bletchley Park,
the Watermans Gallery, the Science gallery in Dublin ...

[PDF] Student'sustainability consciousness' and decision-making on sustainability dilemmas
T Berglund
Page 1. Student 'sustainability consciousness' and decision-making on sustainability
dilemmas Investigating effects of implementing education for sustainable development
in Swedish upper secondary schools Teresa Berglund ...

[PDF] Durham E-Theses
R MITCHELL-SCHUITEVOERDER, H ELIZABETH
... 144 Table 9 Learning styles ..... 151 Table 10 Surface learning versus deep learning ..... 155
Table 11 FG Questions on personal benefits of the project management activities 166 ...

Making Sense of Scenes with Spike-Based Processing
S Thorpe - Scene Vision: Making Sense of What We See, 2014

Set-label modeling and deep metric learning on person re-identification
H Liu, B Ma, L Qin, J Pang, C Zhang, Q Huang - Neurocomputing, 2014
... information value. To overcome the limitations of traditional linear metric learning, we
further develop a deep non-linear metric learning (DeepML) approach based on
Neighborhood Component Analysis and Deep Belief Network. To ...

[PDF] Using Recurrent Neural Networks for Slot Filling in Spoken Language Understanding
G Mesnil, Y Dauphin, K Yao, Y Bengio, L Deng…
Page 1.  Abstract—Semantic slot filling is one of the most challenging problems
in spoken language understanding (SLU). In this study, we propose to use recurrent
neural networks (RNNs) for this task, and present several ...

[PDF] Dual-domain Hierarchical Classification of Phonetic Time Series
H Hamooni, A Mueen
... Carla et al. [6] have presented a nice survey on all the existing works on TIMIT
dataset. A pick on the algorithms can be Neural network [23], Deep Belief network
[17], SVM [8][20], Boltzmann machine [14], HMM [13], etc. The ...

Set-label modeling and deep metric learning on person re-identification
H Liu, B Ma, L Qin, J Pang, C Zhang, Q Huang - Neurocomputing, 2014
... of our features. As most metric learning methods focus on learning a linear
transformation, we apply deep learning architecture to provide a non-linear mapping
from the origin features to new non-linear features. We evaluate ...

Student journals: A means of assessing transformative learning in aging related courses
AL Cohen, P Pitman Brown, JP Morales - Gerontology & Geriatrics Education, 2014
... materials. These are useful across all educational levels in deep learning and
comprehension strategies assessments. ... materials. These are useful across all educational
levels in deep learning and comprehension strategies assessments. ...

[PDF] Unifying Visual-Semantic Embeddings with Multimodal Neural Language Models
R Kiros, R Salakhutdinov, RS Zemel - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.2539, 2014
... We also thank the anonymous reviewers from the NIPS 2014 deep learning workshop for their
comments and suggestions. References ... [17] Jiquan Ngiam, Aditya Khosla, Mingyu Kim, Juhan
Nam, Honglak Lee, and Andrew Ng. Mul- timodal deep learning. In ICML, 2011. ...

Approaches to Study in Undergraduate Nursing Students in Regional Victoria, Australia
S Brown, L Wakeling, M Naiker, S White - International Journal of Nursing Education …, 2014
... Mansouri et al. (2006) also reported that nursing students' year of study was independent of the
chosen approach to study and learning; that is, a student's stage of study (first, second, or third
year) was not correlated to the adoption of a surface or deep learning approach. ...

[PDF] Stacked Quantizers for Compositional Vector Compression
J Martinez, HH Hoos, JJ Little - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.2173, 2014
... We obtained ConvNet1M-128 by computing 128-dimensional deep learning features on
the ILSVRC-2012 training dataset [8] using the CNN-M-128 network provided by Chatfield
et al. [5] and then subsam- pling equally at random from all classes. ...

Teaching Tarleton: A Roundtable
C Cobb, N Wiebe, MK Potter, B Mangum - The F. Scott Fitzgerald Review, 2014
... experiences? As with many Fitzgerald stories, the trio offers a variety of possibilities.
This roundtable will examine the Tarleton Trilogy from a pedagogical perspective, placing
emphasis on deep learning. 4 ... setting. Deep Learning. Varied ...

[PDF] Conditional Generative Adversarial Nets
M Mirza, S Osindero - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.1784, 2014
... In ICCV'09. [12] Kiros, R., Zemel, R., and Salakhutdinov, R. (2013). Multimodal neural language
models. In Proc. NIPS Deep Learning Workshop. [13] Krizhevsky, A., Sutskever, I., and Hinton,
G. (2012). ImageNet classification with deep convolutional neural networks. ...

0101 Developing Non-technical Skills Through Simulation: Designing A Course To Improve Patient Safety
E Stewart-Parker, E Martinou, R Galloway, S Finn… - BMJ Simulation and …, 2014
... Results/outcomes Integrating simulation in pharmacy education demonstrated the need for
students to adopt a deep learning approach in enhancing understanding the role of the
pharmacist in the context of multidisciplinary team work (Tsingos et al 2014). ...

[PDF] Knowledge Extraction from Learning Traces in Continuous Domains
S Doncieux - 2014
... used for nearest neighbor search (Muja and Lowe, 2009)3. Experiments on real robots and with
more realistic sen- sors should consider using more sophisticated behavioral features, like
representations generated by networks trained with deep learning algorithms (Bengio ...

Revisiting History: Using Alternate Reality Games to Tell a Century‐-old Tale
R Lynch, B Mallon, C Connolly - 8th European Conference on Games Based Learning …, 2014
... impart knowledge. ARGs can be used for deep learning, interdisciplinary multimedia
inquiry, and offer rich case studies for media and information literacy (Alexander, 2006;
Barlow, 2006; Bonsignore et al., 2013). Their collaborative ...

A GPGPU-Based Acceleration of Fault-Tolerant MLP Learnings
T Horita, I Takanami, M Akiba, M Terauchi, T Kanno - Embedded Multicore/Manycore …, 2014
... The method in [1] is called the deep learning method (DeepLM), and a multilayer perceptron
(MLP) which has successfully trained using the DeepLM is tolerant to multiple weight and neuron
faults where the weight faults are between the hidden and output layers, and the ...

[PDF] Millimeter Wave 5G–Harvesting the High Frequencies for
J Pi - 2014
... Content • Voice→Video→HD/UHD→360 Video→Virtual Reality→… Big Data • Big data
analytics, deep learning, … The Rise of Machines • Remotely controlled and self-operating
cars, drones, robots, … Applications and Services • Think of anything? ...

[PDF] ATOMIC ENERGY MODELS FOR MACHINE LEARNING: ATOMIC RESTRICTED BOLTZMANN MACHINES
H Tosun - 2014
... 9 a method based on Gibbs Sampling [11]. Since then, RBMs are used as basic com- ponents
of deep learning algorithms [12, 13, 6]. RBMs have also been successfully ... Generally Autoencoders
and RBMs are used as components for deep learning [20, 13, 6, 21, 12, 22]. ...

[HTML] Beginning at the End: The outcome spaces framework to guide purposive transdisciplinary research
C Mitchell, D Cordell, D Fam - Futures, 2014
... this kind of learning aligns with the concept of 'transformative learning' (Taylor, 1998), 'changing
as a person' from a phenomenographic perspective (Marton & Booth, 1997, p.38), 'triple loop'
learning from a reflective practitioner perspective (Schön, 1987), 'deep' learning from a ...

[HTML] Learning with serious games: is fun playing the game a predictor of learning success?
N Iten, D Petko - British Journal of Educational Technology, 2014
Skip to Main Content. Wiley Online Library. Log in / Register. Log In E-Mail
Address Password Forgotten Password? Remember Me. ...

[PDF] TEACHERS'PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT THROUGH LEARNING ECOLOGIES: WHAT ARE THE EXPERTS VIEWS?
DTBDB Things - Challenges for Research into Open & Distance …, 2014
... But the potential benefits of ICTs go much further than just life-long learning, as they
also promote both “life-wide learning” and “life-deep learning”, concepts developed
in studies (Banks et al., 2007) carried out at the LIFE Centre, USA. ...

[PDF] CONSTRUCTIVISM VERSUS COGNITIVE LOAD THEORY: IN SEARCH FOR AN EFFECTIVE MATHEMATICS TEACHING
U Hamzah, B Bustang - Proceeding of International Conference On Research, …, 2014
... Vogel-Walcutt, JJ, Gebrim, JB, Bowers, C., Carper, TM, & Nicholson, D. (2011). Cognitive load
theory vs. constructivist approaches: which best leads to efficient, deep learning?. Journal of
Computer Assisted Learning, 27, 133-145. von Glasersfeld (2000). ...

[PDF] Estimating Tract Variables from Acoustics via Neural Networks
C Sabett - 2014
... Neural Networks 6 (1993): 525-533. Web. 4 Oct. 2014. <https://copilosk.fbk.eu/images/d/db/Scaled-
conjugate-gradient.pdf> [10] Nielsen, Michael. Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Neural
Networks and Deep Learning. Determi- nation Press, 1 Sept. 2014. Web. 4 Oct. 2014. ...

[PDF] UNDERSTANDING THE STUDENT EXPERIENCE: DOING THINGS BETTER IN STUDYING FIRST-TIME DISTANCE LEARNERS
M Brown, H Hughes - Challenges for Research into Open & Distance …, 2014
... The study observed that only a minority of participants–all with more active and deep learning
orientations–spoke in a consistently positive way about the joys of online/distance learning. In
contrast, the majority of participants reported notable periods of isolation and despair. ...

Student Centred Learning: Translating Trans-National Commitments into Institutional Realities. The Romanian Experience
L Matei, CM Hâj, D Alexe - Higher Education Reforms in Romania, 2015
... A review of the SCL literature resulted in the following characterisation of the concept: the reliance
on “active rather than passive learning”, an emphasis on “deep learning and understanding”,
“increased responsibility and accountability“of the student, encouraging an ...

[PDF] Adaptive Systems: History, Techniques, Problems, and Perspectives
WS Black, P Haghi, KB Ariyur - Systems, 2014
Abstract: We survey some of the rich history of control over the past century with a focus on 
the major milestones in adaptive systems. We review classic methods and examples in 
adaptive linear systems for both control and observation/identification. The focus is on ...

Set-label modeling and deep metric learning on person re-identification
H Liu, B Ma, L Qin, J Pang, C Zhang, Q Huang - Neurocomputing, 2014
Abstract Person re-identification aims at matching individuals across multiple non-
overlapping adjacent cameras. By condensing multiple gallery images of a person as a 
whole, we propose a novel method named Set-Label Model (SLM) to improve the ...

[PDF] Possible computational filter to detect proteins associated to influenza A subtype H1N1.
C Polanco, T Buhse, JA Castañón-González… - Acta biochimica Polonica, 2014
Pandemic of the influenza A virus subtype H1N1 occurred in Mexico in 2009. It refers to the 
1918 flu pandemic outbreak in the USA and is commonly known as a Spanish flu. Spanish 
influenza pandemic caused the death of approximately 3.7% of the Earth population ( ...

[PDF] Deep Exponential Families
R Ranganath, L Tang, L Charlin, DM Blei - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.2581, 2014
Abstract: We describe\ textit {deep exponential families}(DEFs), a class of latent variable 
models that are inspired by the hidden structures used in deep neural networks. DEFs 
capture a hierarchy of dependencies between latent variables, and are easily generalized ...

[PDF] ATOMIC ENERGY MODELS FOR MACHINE LEARNING: ATOMIC RESTRICTED BOLTZMANN MACHINES
H Tosun - 2014
Restricted Boltzmann Machines (RBM) are energy-based models that are successfully used 
as generative learning models as well as crucial components of Deep Belief Networks 
(DBN). The most successful training method to date for RBMs is the Contrastive ...

[PDF] Using Recurrent Neural Networks for Slot Filling in Spoken Language Understanding
G Mesnil, Y Dauphin, K Yao, Y Bengio, L Deng…
Abstract—Semantic slot filling is one of the most challenging problems in spoken language 
understanding (SLU). In this study, we propose to use recurrent neural networks (RNNs) for 
this task, and present several novel architectures designed to efficiently deal with past and ...

[HTML] Tag Archives: Deep Learning
NIT Farmer
Last weekend, I ported Google's word2vec into Python. The result was a clean, concise and 
readable code that plays well with other Python NLP packages. One problem remained: the 
performance was 20x slower than the original C code, even after all the obvious NumPy ...

[PDF] Unifying Visual-Semantic Embeddings with Multimodal Neural Language Models
R Kiros, R Salakhutdinov, RS Zemel - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.2539, 2014
... Using LSTM to encode sentences, we match the state-of-the-art performance on Flickr8K
and Flickr30K without using object detections. We also set new best results when using
the 19-layer Ox- ford convolutional network. Furthermore ...

[PDF] SelfieBoost: A Boosting Algorithm for Deep Learning
S Shalev-Shwartz - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.3436, 2014
Abstract: We describe and analyze a new boosting algorithm for deep learning called 
SelfieBoost. Unlike other boosting algorithms, like AdaBoost, which construct ensembles of 
classifiers, SelfieBoost boosts the accuracy of a single network. We prove a $\ log (1/\ ...

[HTML] Back-Propagation Operation for Analog Neural Network Hardware with Synapse Components Having Hysteresis Characteristics
M Ueda, Y Nishitani, Y Kaneko, A Omote - PLOS ONE, 2014
Abstract To realize an analog artificial neural network hardware, the circuit element for 
synapse function is important because the number of synapse elements is much larger than 
that of neuron elements. One of the candidates for this synapse element is a ferroelectric ...

Recurrent Neural Networks and Related Models
D Yu, L Deng - Automatic Speech Recognition, 2015
Abstract A recurrent neural network (RNN) is a class of neural network models where many 
connections among its neurons form a directed cycle. This gives rise to the structure of 
internal states or memory in the RNN, endowing it with the dynamic temporal behavior not ...

Advanced Model Initialization Techniques
D Yu, L Deng - Automatic Speech Recognition, 2015
Abstract In this chapter, we introduce several advanced deep neural network (DNN) model 
initialization or pretraining techniques. These techniques have played important roles in the 
early days of deep learning research and continue to be useful under many conditions. ...

[PDF] Hybrid Ensemble Classification of Tree Genera Using Airborne LiDAR Data
C Ko, G Sohn, TK Remmel, J Miller - Remote Sensing, 2014
Abstract: This paper presents a hybrid ensemble method that is comprised of a sequential 
and a parallel architecture for the classification of tree genus using LiDAR (Light Detection 
and Ranging) data. The two classifiers use different sets of features:(1) features derived ...

[PDF] SUPERVISED SPEECH SEPARATION AND PROCESSING
K Han - 2014
ABSTRACT In real-world environments, speech often occurs simultaneously with acoustic 
interference, such as background noise or reverberation. The interference usually leads to 
adverse effects on speech perception, and results in performance degradation in many ...

[PDF] A Distributed Implementation of Training the Restricted Boltzmann Machine
KINTEK NG - 2014
In these recent years, deep learning technique becomes very important in the artificial 
intelligence research, especially in the machine learning field. Deep learning works well in 
different applications in machine learning such as image, speech, document processing, ...

Evaluating software-based fingerprint liveness detection using Convolutional Networks and Local Binary Patterns
R Frassetto Nogueira, R de Alencar Lotufo… - … Measurements and Systems …, 2014
Abstract—With the growing use of biometric authentication systems in the past years, spoof 
fingerprint detection has become increasingly important. In this work, we implement and 
evaluate two different feature extraction techniques for software-based fingerprint liveness ...

[PDF] Deep Neural Network Based Speech Separation for Robust Speech Recognition
T Yanhui, D Jun, X Yong, D Lirong, L Chin-Hui
Abstract In this paper, a novel deep neural network (DNN) architecture is proposed to 
generate the speech features of both the target speaker and interferer for speech separation 
without using any prior information about the interfering speaker. DNN is adopted here to ...

[PDF] Emotion Modeling and Machine Learning in Affective Computing
K Kim
ABSTRACT Affective computing is a computing related to, arise from, or influences 
emotions. Various emotion modeling and machine learning methods are used in affective 
computing. To explain human emotional states, psychologists developed various emotion ...

[PDF] An Optimization of Deep Neural Networks in ASR using Singular Value Decomposition
I Tseyzer
Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) is a powerful tool which opens a new level of man-
machine interaction. ASR can be applied in various areas of everyday life, such as dictation, 
hands-free control of devices and machine translation. In recent decades the accuracy ...

[PDF] Speech Separation of A Target Speaker Based on Deep Neural Networks
TY Du Jun, X Yong, LCH Dai Lirong
Abstract This paper proposes a novel data-driven approach based on deep neural networks 
(DNNs) for single-channel speech separation. DNN is adopted to directly model the highly 
non-linear relationship of speech features between a target speaker and the mixed ...

[PDF] SelfieBoost: A Boosting Algorithm for Deep Learning
S Shalev-Shwartz - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.3436, 2014
Abstract: We describe and analyze a new boosting algorithm for deep learning called 
SelfieBoost. Unlike other boosting algorithms, like AdaBoost, which construct ensembles of 
classifiers, SelfieBoost boosts the accuracy of a single network. We prove a $\ log (1/\ ...

[HTML] Back-Propagation Operation for Analog Neural Network Hardware with Synapse Components Having Hysteresis Characteristics
M Ueda, Y Nishitani, Y Kaneko, A Omote - PLOS ONE, 2014
Abstract To realize an analog artificial neural network hardware, the circuit element for 
synapse function is important because the number of synapse elements is much larger than 
that of neuron elements. One of the candidates for this synapse element is a ferroelectric ...

Recurrent Neural Networks and Related Models
D Yu, L Deng - Automatic Speech Recognition, 2015
Abstract A recurrent neural network (RNN) is a class of neural network models where many 
connections among its neurons form a directed cycle. This gives rise to the structure of 
internal states or memory in the RNN, endowing it with the dynamic temporal behavior not ...

Advanced Model Initialization Techniques
D Yu, L Deng - Automatic Speech Recognition, 2015
Abstract In this chapter, we introduce several advanced deep neural network (DNN) model 
initialization or pretraining techniques. These techniques have played important roles in the 
early days of deep learning research and continue to be useful under many conditions. ...

[PDF] Hybrid Ensemble Classification of Tree Genera Using Airborne LiDAR Data
C Ko, G Sohn, TK Remmel, J Miller - Remote Sensing, 2014
Abstract: This paper presents a hybrid ensemble method that is comprised of a sequential 
and a parallel architecture for the classification of tree genus using LiDAR (Light Detection 
and Ranging) data. The two classifiers use different sets of features:(1) features derived ...

[PDF] SUPERVISED SPEECH SEPARATION AND PROCESSING
K Han - 2014
ABSTRACT In real-world environments, speech often occurs simultaneously with acoustic 
interference, such as background noise or reverberation. The interference usually leads to 
adverse effects on speech perception, and results in performance degradation in many ...

[PDF] A Distributed Implementation of Training the Restricted Boltzmann Machine
KINTEK NG - 2014
In these recent years, deep learning technique becomes very important in the artificial 
intelligence research, especially in the machine learning field. Deep learning works well in 
different applications in machine learning such as image, speech, document processing, ...

Evaluating software-based fingerprint liveness detection using Convolutional Networks and Local Binary Patterns
R Frassetto Nogueira, R de Alencar Lotufo… - … Measurements and Systems …, 2014
Abstract—With the growing use of biometric authentication systems in the past years, spoof 
fingerprint detection has become increasingly important. In this work, we implement and 
evaluate two different feature extraction techniques for software-based fingerprint liveness ...

[PDF] Deep Neural Network Based Speech Separation for Robust Speech Recognition
T Yanhui, D Jun, X Yong, D Lirong, L Chin-Hui
Abstract In this paper, a novel deep neural network (DNN) architecture is proposed to 
generate the speech features of both the target speaker and interferer for speech separation 
without using any prior information about the interfering speaker. DNN is adopted here to ...

[PDF] Emotion Modeling and Machine Learning in Affective Computing
K Kim
ABSTRACT Affective computing is a computing related to, arise from, or influences 
emotions. Various emotion modeling and machine learning methods are used in affective 
computing. To explain human emotional states, psychologists developed various emotion ...

[PDF] An Optimization of Deep Neural Networks in ASR using Singular Value Decomposition
I Tseyzer
Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) is a powerful tool which opens a new level of man-
machine interaction. ASR can be applied in various areas of everyday life, such as dictation, 
hands-free control of devices and machine translation. In recent decades the accuracy ...

[PDF] Speech Separation of A Target Speaker Based on Deep Neural Networks
TY Du Jun, X Yong, LCH Dai Lirong
Abstract This paper proposes a novel data-driven approach based on deep neural networks 
(DNNs) for single-channel speech separation. DNN is adopted to directly model the highly 
non-linear relationship of speech features between a target speaker and the mixed ...

Deep unsupervised network for multimodal perception, representation and classification
A Droniou, S Ivaldi, O Sigaud - Robotics and Autonomous Systems, 2014
In this paper, we tackle the problem of multimodal learning for autonomous robots. Autonomous
robots interacting with humans in an evolving environment need the.

Action Recognition Using Hierarchical Independent Subspace Analysis with Trajectory
VD Luong, L Wang, G Xiao - Proceedings of the 18th Asia Pacific Symposium on …, 2015
... the performance of the system. Recently, Zhou et al. [31] use a similar stacked,
convolutional network as the one described in the subsection 2.3 to implement
temporal slowness [32], [33], [34]. One interesting result from their ...

Evaluating software-based fingerprint liveness detection using Convolutional Networks and Local Binary Patterns
R Frassetto Nogueira, R de Alencar Lotufo… - … Measurements and Systems …, 2014
... A classical convolutional network is composed of alternating layers of convolution and
local pooling (ie subsampling). ... Fig. 2 Illustration of a sequence of operations performed
by a single layer convolutional network in a sample image. ...

Automatic face annotation in TV series by video/script alignment
Y Zhang, Z Tang, C Zhang, J Liu, H Lu - Neurocomputing, 2014
This paper describes a method for automatically tagging the names to the faces which are
collected from uncontrolled TV series videos. The detected faces are fi.

[PDF] Unsupervised Deep Haar Scattering on Graphs
X Chen, X Cheng, S Mallat
... After dimension reduction, the classification error is 21.3%. This error is above the state
of the art obtained by a supervised convolutional network [15] (11.68%), but the Haar
scattering representation involves no learning. 4.3 Signals on a Sphere ...

[PDF] Real-time Head Orientation from a Monocular Camera using Deep Neural Network
B Ahn, J Park, IS Kweon
Page 1. Real-time Head Orientation from a Monocular Camera using Deep Neural
Network Byungtae Ahn, Jaesik Park, and In So Kweon KAIST, Republic of Korea
[btahn,jspark]@rcv.kaist.ac.kr, iskweon77@kaist.ac.kr Abstract. ...

[PDF] An Optimization of Deep Neural Networks in ASR using Singular Value Decomposition
I Tseyzer
... Table 2.5 shows results for the architecture used. The CNN hybrid is 3-5% better relative
to the DNN hybrid. Page 21. 2.3. Related Work 15 Figure 2.6: Diagram showing a typical
convolutional network architecture consist- ing of a convolution

[PDF] Building a Post-Compression Region-of-Interest Encryption Framework for Existing Video Surveillance Systems
A Unterweger, K Van Ryckegem, D Engel, A Uhl
Page 1. Multimedia Systems manuscript No. (will be inserted by the editor) Building
a Post-Compression Region-of-Interest Encryption Framework for Existing Video
Surveillance Systems Challenges, obstacles and practical concerns ...

Graph-Based Supervised Automatic Target Detection
G Mishne, R Talmon, I Cohen
Page 1. This article has been accepted for inclusion in a future issue of this journal. Content is
final as presented, with the exception of pagination. IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON GEOSCIENCE
AND REMOTE SENSING 1 Graph-Based Supervised Automatic Target Detection ...

[PDF] EXTRACTING DEEP BOTTLENECK FEATURES FOR VISUAL SPEECH RECOGNITION
C Sui, R Togneri, M Bennamoun - Software Engineering Research Conference, 2014
... training difficulty of mul- tiple hidden layer neural networkS. Hinton et al. used the
restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM) to model each layer of A deep belief network
(DBN). Later works showed that a similar pre-training scheme ...

Advanced Model Initialization Techniques
D Yu, L Deng - Automatic Speech Recognition, 2015
... We focus our presentation of pretraining DNNs on the following topics: the restricted Boltzmann
machine (RBM), which by itself is an interesting generative model, the deep belief network
(DBN), the denoising autoencoder, and the discriminative pretraining. ...

Deep Neural Networks
D Yu, L Deng - Automatic Speech Recognition, 2015
... 1 The term deep neural network first appeared in [21] in the context of speech recognition,
but was coined in [5] which converted the term deep belief network in the earlier studies
into the more appropriate term of deep neural network [4, 17, 24]. ...

Summary and Future Directions
D Yu, L Deng - Automatic Speech Recognition, 2015
... IEEE Trans. Audio Speech Lang. Process. 21(3), 388–396 (2013)CrossRef. Footnotes. 1 Note
that while the model was called deep belief network (DBN) at that time, it is in fact a deep neural
network (DNN) initialized using the DBN pretraining algorithm. See Chaps. ...

[PDF] A Distributed Implementation of Training the Restricted Boltzmann Machine
KINTEK NG - 2014
... As most of deep architectures [1], such as, Deep Belief Network (DBN) [2], Deep Boltzmann
Machine [3], stacked auto-encoder [4], are related to or based on the Restricted Boltzmann
Machine (RBM) [5]. In this report, we are focus on the training process [6] and distributed ...

Emotion Recognition in the Wild with Feature Fusion and Multiple Kernel Learning
JK Chen, Z Chen, Z Chi, H Fu - Proceedings of the 16th International Conference on …, 2014
... have achieved promising results. Kim et al. [20] proposed a suite of Deep Belief
Network models, which explicitly captured complex non-linear feature interactions
in multimodal data for emotion recognition. A study reported in ...

[PDF] Emotion Modeling and Machine Learning in Affective Computing
K Kim
... With experimental results, deep learning algorithm li- ke deep belief network was more
accurate and faster than SVM. Like ANN, deep learning has several specific models,
the repre- sentative algorithm is deep belief network (DBN) [24]. ...

[PDF] An Optimization of Deep Neural Networks in ASR using Singular Value Decomposition
I Tseyzer
... In the directed point of view, hidden layers represent binary features and the visible layer
represents a data vector. The Deep Belief Network (DBN) has top-down connections, so the
probability of generating date on visible units is bigger than on others. ...

[PDF] Deep Extreme Learning Machine and Its Application in EEG Classification
S Ding, N Zhang, X Xu, L Guo, J Zhang
... who presented deep structure of multilayer autoencoder [12]. Deep belief network was proposed
by Hinton [13]. LeCun et al. ... More and more people put forward some new algorithms based on
deep learning. Then Convolutional deep belief network was put forward [15]. ...

[PDF] SelfieBoost: A Boosting Algorithm for Deep Learning
S Shalev-Shwartz - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.3436, 2014
Abstract: We describe and analyze a new boosting algorithm for deep learning called 
SelfieBoost. Unlike other boosting algorithms, like AdaBoost, which construct ensembles of 
classifiers, SelfieBoost boosts the accuracy of a single network. We prove a $\ log (1/\ ...

[PDF] Deep Learning for Visual Scene Understanding: A Proposal
HFBM Zaki - Software Engineering Research Conference, 2014
ABSTRACT Understanding a scene in its semantic sense builds the foundations for many 
applications in robotics and computer vision such as autonomous navigation, localization, 
and object searching. A common approach to solve this problem is to address scenes as ...

[PDF] EXTRACTING DEEP BOTTLENECK FEATURES FOR VISUAL SPEECH RECOGNITION
C Sui, R Togneri, M Bennamoun - Software Engineering Research Conference, 2014
... In recent years, the use of deep learning techniques for acoustic speech recognition to learn
features have shown impressive improvements over hand- crafted features [4]. Given the
encouraging performance of deep learning in acoustic speech recognition, these techniques ...

[PDF] Deep Multi-Instance Transfer Learning
D Kotzias, M Denil, P Blunsom, N de Freitas - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.3128, 2014
... This approach, which combines ideas from transfer learning, deep learning and multi-instance
learning, and re- duces the need for laborious human labelling of fine-grained data when
abundant labels are available at the group level. 1 Introduction ...

Brain CT Image Classification with Deep Neural Networks
C Da, H Zhang, Y Sang - Proceedings of the 18th Asia Pacific Symposium on …, 2015
... In the most recent lit- erature, deep learning is defined as a kind of representation
learning, which involves a hierarchy architecture where higher-level concepts are
constructed from lower-level ones. The techniques developed ...

UNISENSE: A Unified and Sustainable Sensing and Transport Architecture for Large Scale and Heterogeneous Sensor Networks
Y Jin, HP Tan - Complex Systems Design & Management Asia, 2015
... 4. Deep sensing: We translate deep learning techniques into the UNISENSE ar-
chitecture to improve communications, facilitate data recovery, optimize system
deployments, and enhance network management. Deep learning ...

Multimodal Analytics and its Data Ecosystem
M Koutsombogera, H Papageorgiou - Proceedings of the 2014 Workshop on …, 2014
... 226, 301--310. 5. Fergus, R. 2013: Tutorial: "Deep Learning for Computer Vision", In
Proceedings of Neural Information Procesing Systems-NIPS 2013. ... 9. Ngiam, J., Khosla,
A., Kim, M., Nam, J. Lee, H. and Ng, A. 2011. Multimodal deep learning. ...

Summary and Future Directions
D Yu, L Deng - Automatic Speech Recognition, 2015
Dong Yu and Li DengSignals and Communication TechnologyAutomatic Speech
Recognition2015A Deep Learning Approach10.1007/978-1-4471-5779-3_15 ©
Springer-Verlag London 2015. 15. Summary and Future Directions. ...

Feature Representation Learning in Deep Neural Networks
D Yu, L Deng - Automatic Speech Recognition, 2015
... research area and techniques such as speech enhancement, noise robust acoustic features,
or other multi-condition learning technologies need to be explored to bridge the performance
gap and further improve the overall performance of the deep learning-based acoustic ...

Representation Sharing and Transfer in Deep Neural Networks
D Yu, L Deng - Automatic Speech Recognition, 2015
Page 1. Chapter 12 Representation Sharing and Transfer in Deep Neural Networks Abstract
We have emphasized in the previous chapters that in deep neural networks (DNNs) each
hidden layer is a new representation of the raw input to the DNN. ...

Deep unsupervised network for multimodal perception, representation and classification
A Droniou, S Ivaldi, O Sigaud - Robotics and Autonomous Systems, 2014
... Mainly applied to images [26], [27] and [28], deep learning techniques have been extended without
much modifications to other modalities, such as text [29] and [30], sound [31] or limb trajectories
[32]. They are also successfully applied to multimodal input [33]. ...

Deep Neural Networks
D Yu, L Deng - Automatic Speech Recognition, 2015
Page 1. Chapter 4 Deep Neural Networks Abstract In this chapter, we introduce deep neural
networks (DNNs)—multilayer perceptrons with many hidden layers. DNNs play an important
role in the modern speech recognition systems, and are the focus of the rest of the book. ...

Deep Neural Network-Hidden Markov Model Hybrid Systems
D Yu, L Deng - Automatic Speech Recognition, 2015
Page 1. Chapter 6 Deep Neural Network-Hidden Markov Model Hybrid Systems
Abstract In this chapter, we describe one of the several possible ways of exploiting
deep neural networks (DNNs) in automatic speech recognition ...

Hidden Markov Models and the Variants
D Yu, L Deng - Automatic Speech Recognition, 2015
... Title Hidden Markov Models and the Variants Book Title Automatic Speech Recognition Book
Subtitle A Deep Learning Approach Book Part Part I Pages pp 23-54 Copyright 2015 DOI
10.1007/978-1-4471-5779-3_3 Print ISBN 978-1-4471-5778-6 Online ISBN 978-1-4471-5779 ...

[PDF] Information Literacy Skills as a Critical Thinking Framework in the Undergraduate Engineering Curriculum
HL Lai, JE Van Loon - 2014
... This type of deep learning requires that we develop exercises and assessment tools that
encourage and reward the activation of higher order cognitive skills while still confirming that
the basic understanding of fundamental knowledge is intact. Page 2. ...

Emotion Recognition in the Wild with Feature Fusion and Multiple Kernel Learning
JK Chen, Z Chen, Z Chi, H Fu - Proceedings of the 16th International Conference on …, 2014
... Conference on, 2011, pp. 878-883. [20] Y. Kim, H. Lee, and EM Provost, "Deep learning
for robust feature generation in audiovisual emotion recognition," in Acoustics, Speech
and Signal Processing Table 4: The confusion matrix ...

Advanced Model Initialization Techniques
D Yu, L Deng - Automatic Speech Recognition, 2015
... Abstract In this chapter, we introduce several advanced deep neural network (DNN) model
initialization or pretraining techniques. These techniques have played impor- tant roles in the
early days of deep learning research and continue to be useful under many conditions. ...

[PDF] Are Educational Shows Teaching Our Children to Become Life-Long Learners?
J SullinS, T Howard, K Goza - Journal of Educational Multimedia and Hypermedia, 2014
... conditions. although according to constructivist epistemology, interaction needs to
occur in order for deep learning to take place, the results from these two Page 7. Are
Educational Shows Teaching Our Children 391 experiments ...

Action Recognition Using Hierarchical Independent Subspace Analysis with Trajectory
VD Luong, L Wang, G Xiao - Proceedings of the 18th Asia Pacific Symposium on …, 2015
... Deep learning has been a great success in object detection, localization and classification in
images. ... 609–616. ACM (2009) 31. Zou, WY, Ng, AY, Zhu, S., Yu, K.: Deep Learning of Invariant
Features via Simulated Fixations in Video. In: NIPS, pp. 3212–3220 (2012) 32. ...

Primary physical education: a complex learning journey for children and teachers
M Jess, J Keay, N Carse - Sport, Education and Society, 2014

Depth of field rendering via adaptive recursive filtering
S Xu, X Mei, W Dong, X Sun, X Shen, X Zhang - SIGGRAPH Asia 2014 Technical …, 2014
... Beijing, China. Weiming Dong, NLPR, Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy
of Sciences, Beijing, China. Xun Sun, Baidu Institute of Deep Learning, Beijing, China.
Xukun Shen, Beihang University, Beijing, China. Xiaopeng ...

[PDF] Convergence and Divergence: Accommodating Online Cross-Culture Communication Styles
S Simkowski, BE Wiggins - World Conference on E-Learning in Corporate, …, 2014
... Studies of students from Western and non-Western cultures propose that while some learners
rely more on rote memorization (surface strategy), other learners enact a deep learning strategy
(Ballard & Clanchy, 1984; Samuelowicz, 1987; Volet, Renshaw, & Tietzel, 1994). ...

Systems Theory for Pragmatic Schooling: Toward Principles of Democratic Education
CA Cunningham - 2014

From Sight to Light: The Passage from Ancient to Modern Optics
AM Smith - 2014

[PDF] MatchBox: Indoor Image Matching via Box-like Scene Estimation
F Srajer, AG Schwing, M Pollefeys, T Pajdla
... a specific task. This is particularly true for object detection where classification
approaches are almost invariably based on SIFT [22], GIST [25] and HOG [8] features
or more recently deep learning meth- ods. According to our ...

[PDF] What is the Experience of Perceived Financial Hardship on Mature Students' Social and Academic Integration?
D Creedon
... contribute directly to desired outcomes”. Ramsden (2003), states that this academic
engagement is linked to effective learning and goes further to state that this
engagement is necessary for deep learning. There is a strong belief ...

[PDF] The Incidence and Persistence of Affective States While Playing Newton's Playground
JML Andres, MMT Rodrigo
... What video games have to teach us about learning and literacy. Computers in Entertainment
(CIE), 1(1), 20-20. [5] Graesser, A., Chipman, P., Leeming, F., & Biedenbach, S. (2009). Deep
learning and emotion in serious games. Serious games: Mechanisms and effects, 83-102. ...

[PDF] CONTROL IN A SAFE SET: ADDRESSING SAFETY IN HUMAN-ROBOT INTERACTIONS
C Liu, M Tomizuka
... They are time varying with unknown models. Moreover, it seems counterproductive to view human
motions as disturbances in the robot control, as the system should be human-oriented. Deep
learning of human behaviors is needed to make robots com- pliant. ...

R for Cloud Computing
A Ohri
Page 1. A Ohri R for Cloud Computing An Approach for Data Scientists Page 2. R for
Cloud Computing Page 3. Page 4. A Ohri R for Cloud Computing An Approach for Data
Scientists 123 Page 5. A Ohri Decisionstats.com Delhi, India ...

[PDF] Energy Based Models and Boltzmann Machines (Cont.)
W Adams, K Plis
... for all ∈ 0 ≔ for = 0:( = 1) find ℎ find +1 ∆ ≔ ∆ + ,ℎ − ,ℎ ∆ ≔ ∆ + 0 − +1 ∆ ≔ ∆ + ℎ0 − ℎ 0 ℎ0 1 #
Close Approximation 13 [6] Page 14. Deep Belief Network v 1 v 3 v 2 v 4 v 5 h 1 1 h 2 1 h 3 1
h 4 1 h 1 2 h 2 2 h 3 2 W1 W2 b c c B C1 C2 & 14 [2,5,8] Page 15. Deep Belief Networks ...

[PDF] Energy Based Models and Boltzmann Machines (Cont.)
W Adams, K Plis
Page 1. Energy Based Models and Boltzmann Machines (Cont.) William Adams Kevin Plis Page
2. What we will discuss today • Provide a brief overview and dive into the learning algorithms
for training the RBM and how it relates to DBN's. • Topics include: • Brief Overview ...

[PDF] Predicting Depth, Surface Normals and Semantic Labels with a Common Multi-Scale Convolutional Architecture
D Eigen, R Fergus - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4734, 2014
... We use a multiscale convolutional network that is able to adapt eas- ily to each task using only
small modifications, regressing from the input image to the output map directly. ... We apply a
multi-scale convolutional network extended from the model proposed by Eigen et al. ...

[PDF] Efficient Object Localization Using Convolutional Networks
J Tompson, R Goroshin, A Jain, Y LeCun, C Bregler - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4280, 2014
... The first layer of the net- work is a local-contrast-normalization (LCN) layer with the same filter
kernel in each of the three resolution banks. Each LCN image is then input to a 7 stage multi-
resolution convolutional network (11 stages for the MPII dataset model). ...

[PDF] Long-term Recurrent Convolutional Networks for Visual Recognition and Description
J Donahue, LA Hendricks, S Guadarrama, M Rohrbach… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
... Our LRCN model con- sistently and strongly outperforms a model based on predictions from
the underlying convolutional network architecture alone. by computing a weighted average
between flow and RGB networks (86.4% for split 1 and 87.6% averaging over all splits). ...

[PDF] Fully Convolutional Networks for Semantic Segmentation
J Long, E Shelhamer, T Darrell - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4038, 2014
... Our fully convolutional network achieves state-of-the-art segmentation of PASCAL VOC
(20% rela- tive improvement to 62.2% mean IU on 2012), NYUDv2, and SIFT Flow, while
inference takes one third of a second for a typical image. 1. Introduction ...

[PDF] Designing Deep Networks for Surface Normal Estimation
X Wang, DF Fouhey, A Gupta - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4958, 2014
... Recently, Eigen et al. [5] presented a deep convolutional network approach to estimating
depth from a single image. This model treats the depth prediction as a regression prob-
lem and uses a feed-forward convolutional network for the task. ...

[PDF] From Captions to Visual Concepts and Back
H Fang, S Gupta, F Iandola, R Srivastava, L Deng… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
... The DSSM was initially proposed to model the semantic relevance between textual search queries
and documents, and is extended in this work to re- place the query vector in the original DSSM
by the image vector computed from the deep convolutional network. ...

[PDF] Toward a Universal Cortical Algorithm: Examining Hierarchical Temporal Memory in Light of Frontal Cortical Function
MR Ferrier - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4702, 2014
... discriminations, but is not very good at generalizing these discriminations beyond its training
set. An error driven convolutional network requires a large number of training examples per class
(Ranzato et al., 2007), whereas the primate visual system can often ...

[PDF] Deep Belief Network Training Improvement Using Elite Samples Minimizing Free Energy
MA Keyvanrad, MM Homayounpour - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4046, 2014
Abstract: Nowadays this is very popular to use deep architectures in machine learning. Deep 
Belief Networks (DBNs) are deep architectures that use stack of Restricted Boltzmann 
Machines (RBM) to create a powerful generative model using training data. In this paper ...

[PDF] Deep Narrow Boltzmann Machines are Universal Approximators
G Montufar - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.3784, 2014
... In such cases, the network can be regarded as operating effectively in a feedforward
manner. With this, we can study the rep- resentational power of the DBM sequentially,
increasing with each additional layer, similar to a deep belief network. ...

[PDF] Rémi Bardenet
PA Doucet, RÉ Moulines, C Robert, DB Kégl, EF Bach…
Page 1. Towards adaptive learning and inference - Applications to hyperparameter tuning and
astroparticle physics Rémi Bardenet To cite this version: Rémi Bardenet. Towards adaptive
learning and inference - Applications to hyperparameter tuning and astroparticle physics. ...

[PDF] Investigating the Role of Prior Disambiguation in Deep-learning Compositional Models of Meaning
J Cheng, D Kartsaklis, E Grefenstette - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4116, 2014
Abstract: This paper aims to explore the effect of prior disambiguation on neural network-
based compositional models, with the hope that better semantic representations for text 
compounds can be produced. We disambiguate the input word vectors before they are fed ...

[PDF] Predictive Encoding of Contextual Relationships for Perceptual Inference, Interpolation and Prediction
M Zhao, C Zhuang, Y Wang, TS Lee - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.3815, 2014
... during unsupervised learning. However, while deep learning models exploit feedback
prediction during unsu- pervised learning, inference in deep network relies mostly
on fast feed-forward computation. Moreover, deep learn ...

[PDF] Fully Convolutional Neural Networks for Crowd Segmentation
K Kang, X Wang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4464, 2014
... problems. Based on FCNN, a multi-stage deep learning is proposed to integrate
appearance and motion cues for crowd segmen- tation. ... well. Deep learning has achieved
great success in many com- puter vision problems in recent years. ...

[PDF] How to Scale Up Kernel Methods to Be As Good As Deep Neural Nets
Z Lu, A May, K Liu, AB Garakani, D Guo, A Bellet, L Fan… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
... 1 Introduction Deep neural networks (DNNs) and other types of deep learning
architecture have made significant advances [3, 4]. In both well-benchmarked tasks
and real-world applications, such as automatic speech recognition [19, ...

[PDF] Efficient Object Localization Using Convolutional Networks
J Tompson, R Goroshin, A Jain, Y LeCun, C Bregler - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4280, 2014
... This has been in part due to the success of Deep- Learning architectures - specifically
Convolutional Net- works (ConvNets) [21, 14, 22, 5] - but also due to the avail- ability of ever larger
and more comprehensive datasets [1, 16, 20] (our model's predictions for difficult examples ...

[PDF] Cross-Modal Similarity Learning: A Low Rank Bilinear Formulation
C Kang, S Liao, Y He, J Wang, S Xiang, C Pan - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4738, 2014
Page 1. Cross-Modal Similarity Learning : A Low Rank Bilinear Formulation Cuicui
Kang, Shengcai Liao, Yonghao He, Jian Wang, Shiming Xiang, Chunhong Pan
Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy of Sciences {cckang ...

[PDF] A Nonparametric Bayesian Approach Toward Stacked Convolutional Independent Component Analysis
S Chatzis - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4423, 2014
... ap- proaches. In addition, inference for this model is com- pletely heuristics-free;
thus, it obviates the need of te- dious parameter tuning, which is a major challenge
most deep learning approaches are faced with. We evaluate ...

[PDF] Learning Multi-Relational Semantics Using Neural-Embedding Models
B Yang, W Yih, X He, J Gao, L Deng - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4072, 2014
... Given the recent successes of deep learning in various applications; eg [11, 27, 5],
our future work will aim to exploit deep structure including possibly tensor construct
in computing the neural embedding vectors; eg [12, 29, 13]. ...

[PDF] Long-term Recurrent Convolutional Networks for Visual Recognition and Description
J Donahue, LA Hendricks, S Guadarrama, M Rohrbach… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
... We have realized a generalized “LSTM”-style RNN model in the widely-adopted open
source deep learning framework Caffe [15], incorporating the specific LSTM units of
[45, 37, 5]. 2. Background: Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) ...

[PDF] Designing Deep Networks for Surface Normal Estimation
X Wang, DF Fouhey, A Gupta - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4958, 2014
... the task of surface normal estimation? We propose to inject the hard-won insights
about 3D representations and reasoning into the deep learning frame- work for
surface normal predictions. We argue that while deep networks ...

[PDF] Predicting Depth, Surface Normals and Semantic Labels with a Common Multi-Scale Convolutional Architecture
D Eigen, R Fergus - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4734, 2014
Page 1. Predicting Depth, Surface Normals and Semantic Labels with a Common Multi-Scale
Convolutional Architecture David Eigen Rob Fergus Dept. of Computer Science, Courant
Institute, New York University {deigen,fergus}@cs.nyu.edu Abstract ...

[PDF] Deep Deconvolutional Networks for Scene Parsing
R Mohan - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4101, 2014
... As with other deep learning models [27,28], deconvolu- tional networks look to learn hierarchies
of features from data. ... JMLR Volume 15, 2014. [26] D. Erhan, Y. Bengio, A. Courville, P. Manzagol,
P. Vincent: Why Does Unsupervised Pre-training Help Deep Learning? ...

An exploration of students' lived experience of learning with smartphones using a hermeneutic phenomenology approach
NN Chan, C Walker, A Gleaves - Computers & Education, 2014
... In the context of mobile technologies, Gee (2007, p. 172) believes that well-designed games
can engender deep learning: learning that can produce “real understanding, the ability to apply
one's knowledge and even to transform that knowledge for innovation.” Lankshear & ...

[PDF] From Captions to Visual Concepts and Back
H Fang, S Gupta, F Iandola, R Srivastava, L Deng… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
Page 1. From Captions to Visual Concepts and Back Hao Fang∗ Saurabh Gupta∗ Forrest Iandola∗
Rupesh Srivastava∗ Li Deng Piotr Dollár† Jianfeng Gao Xiaodong He Margaret Mitchell John
Platt C. Lawrence Zitnick Geoffrey Zweig Microsoft Research Abstract ...

[PDF] Show and Tell: A Neural Image Caption Generator
O Vinyals, A Toshev, S Bengio, D Erhan - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4555, 2014
... dataset for this task). The state-of-the- art results for PASCAL and SBU did not use
image fea- tures based on deep learning, so arguably a big improve- ment on those
scores comes from that change alone. The Flickr datasets ...

[PDF] Deep Belief Network Training Improvement Using Elite Samples Minimizing Free Energy
MA Keyvanrad, MM Homayounpour - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4046, 2014
Page 1. 1 Deep Belief Network Training Improvement Using Elite Samples Minimizing
Free Energy Mohammad Ali Keyvanrad a, Mohammad Mehdi Homayounpour a
a Laboratory for Intelligent Multimedia Processing (LIMP ...

Opening Doors to Equity: A Practical Guide to Observation-Based Professional Learning
TW Singer - 2014

Conversations to Support Learning in Technology Education
W Fox-Turnbull - The Future of Technology Education, 2015
... learners. It involves students engaging in deep learning through the process of
self-motivated inquiry and strives towards developing enduring 'big understandings'
and 'rich concepts' about the world and how it functions. Students ...

The More Things Change, the More (Some) Things Stay the Same
C Buntting, PJ Williams, A Jones - The Future of Technology Education, 2015
... Notions of 'inquiry learning' and 'twenty-first century learning' place the stu- dent at the centre
of the learning process, and when implemented together with informed understandings of
the importance and nature of conversation, facilitate deep learning. ...

A time sequence-oriented concept map approach to developing educational computer games for history courses
HC Chu, KH Yang, JH Chen - Interactive Learning Environments, 2014
... Effects of constructing versus playing an educational game on student motivation and deep
learning strategy use. Computers & Education, 56, 127–137. ... Effects of constructing versus playing
an educational game on student motivation and deep learning strategy use. ...

Unsupervised Learning of Semantics of Object Detections for Scene Categorization
G Mesnil, S Rifai, A Bordes, X Glorot, Y Bengio… - … Applications and Methods, 2015
... learning approach. Keywords Unsupervised learning · Transfer learning · Deep learning ·
Scene categorization · Object detection 1 Introduction Automatic scene ... perform well.
The second one is based on Deep Learning. Deep Learning ...

Spiking Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for Energy-Efficient Object Recognition
Y Cao, Y Chen, D Khosla - International Journal of Computer Vision, 2014
... New York 2014 Abstract Deep-learning neural networks such as convo- lutional
neural network (CNN) have shown great potential as a solution for difficult vision
problems, such as object recognition. Spiking neural networks ...

Problem based learning
NB Pai - 2014
... This workshop would generate the discussion addressing questions such as Does
PBL enhances the development of generic lifelong learning competencies? Does
PBL enhance deep learning? ... Does PBL enhance deep learning? ...

A Location-Aware Social Media Monitoring System
L Ji - 2014
... Recently, deep learning techniques have been shown to reduce the error rate of
many machine learning tasks, due to their ability to learn meaningful representations
of input data. We investigate the potential of building a deep ...

[PDF] Visual Sentiment Prediction with Deep Convolutional Neural Networks
C Xu, S Cetintas, KC Lee, LJ Li - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.5731, 2014
... Finally classifiers are trained from the features extracted from the sentiment images. In the
following subsections, we first introduce the deep learning model (Krizhevsky, Sutskever, and
Hinton 2012) that has achieved a leap in image classification recently. ...

Pre-release sales forecasting: A model-driven context feature extraction approach
CH Tian, Y Wang, WT Mo, FC Huang, WS Dong… - IBM Journal of Research …, 2014
... For symbolic time series, general temporal pattern mining was studied by Moerchen [8]. Deep
learning [9] is a popular approach in big data mining that not only has the nonlinear approximation
capability of a neural network but also shows an explicit structure of the models. ...

[PDF] Understanding image representations by measuring their equivariance and equivalence
K Lenc, A Vedaldi - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.5908, 2014
Page 1. Understanding image representations by measuring their equivariance
and equivalence Karel Lenc Andrea Vedaldi Visual Geometry Group, University
of Oxford {karel;vedaldi}@robots.ox.ac.uk Abstract Despite the ...

[PDF] Turkish Preservice Elementary Science Teachers' Conceptions of Learning Science and Science Teaching Efficacy Beliefs: Is There a Relationship?
E Bahcivan, S Kapucu - International Journal of Environmental & Science …, 2014
... In addition, Lee et al. (2008) did not find any significant relationship between deep learning
approaches and 'increase of knowledge'. We argue that 'increase of knowledge' is based
on a limited epistemological background for learning science. ...

[PDF] The Healing Power of Dialogos Dialogues: Transformative Learning through Dialogical Philosophizing
GH Helskog - Open Journal of Social Sciences, 2014
... Dialogue 1. Introduction Transformative learning theory is a theory of deep learning
that goes beyond mere content knowledge acquisition and learning of skills. It is claimed
to be a process for adults to learn to think for themselves. ...

[PDF] Designing across the Curriculum for “Sustainable Well-Being”: A 21st Century Approach
SM DRAKE - SUSTAINABLE WELL-BEING: CONCEPTS, ISSUES, …, 2014
... state deems most important to know. Such planning can be used for all curricula
and is an excellent way to plan for inquiry or project-based learning that is known
to ensure deep learning for students. It can be used for both ...

[PDF] CIDEr: Consensus-based Image Description Evaluation
R Vedantam, CL Zitnick, D Parikh - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.5726, 2014
... Other works have modeled prepositional relationships [13], attributes (adjec- tives) [18, 29], and
visual phrases (ie visual elements that co-occur) [33]. Recent works have utilized techniques
in deep learning to learn joint embeddings of text and image fragments [16]. ...

Acid–Base Learning Outcomes for Students in an Introductory Organic Chemistry Course
C Stoyanovich, A Gandhi, AB Flynn - Journal of Chemical Education, 2014
... and misconceptions). In this work, we did not explicitly address other aspects that
are essential to deep learning and conceptual change, such as motivation(2) and
metacognition.(24) Our process is described in detail below. ...

[PDF] Learning High-level Features by Deep Boltzmann Machines for Handwriting Digits Recogintion
S Zhang, K Kang
... DBM is a deep learning technique to learn high level features from the training data, while
SVM is a method to train non-linear classifiers from the learn features. ... Keywords-Deep
Boltzmann Machine; svm; handwriting digit recognition; deep learning ...

[PDF] LM-CMA-ES: an alternative to L-BFGS for large-scale black-box optimization
I Loshchilov
... and/or second- order information is available. For instance, it is quite popular in
the fast growing field of deep learning algorithms, where it is competitive to stochastic
gradient approaches (SGDs). The use of L-BFGS can be ...

[PDF] Development of Personalized Learning Environment (PLE) for Malaysian School Environment Based on ADDIE Model
CKNCK Mohd, F Shahbodin - Journal: INTERNATION JOURNAL OF COMPUTERS …
... Students are become a creator instead of become a consumers of information. At the same time,
PLE will provide students real life connection, forum for sharing of ideas, promotes creativity
among students, critical thinking, deep learning and understanding. ...

[PDF] Supervised non-negative matrix factorization for audio source separation
P Sprechmann, AM Bronstein, G Sapiro
Page 1. Supervised non-negative matrix factorization for audio source separation
Pablo Sprechmann1, Alex M. Bronstein2, and Guillermo Sapiro3 1 New York
University, pablo.sprechmann@nyu.edu 2 Tel Aviv University & ...

[PDF] Multiscale Centerline Detection
A Sironi, E Türetken, V Lepetit, P Fua
... classification in this context. 2.4 Deep Learning Architectures As mentioned in the
introduction, we use an iterative process for regression. This is related to many different
works in Computer Vision. Typically, in such frameworks ...

[PDF] SARAH FINE & JAL MEHTA PLEASE DO NOT CIRCULATE
D Wise
... All were aspirational places striving to enact deep learning, but most tended to have the familiar
“aspirations gap” with respect to achieving their visions. Among them, High Tech High ... What
are the tradeoffs associated with striving for deep learning this vein? ...

[HTML] Sensorimotor control and cervical range of motion in women with chronic neck pain: Kinematic assessments and effects of neck coordination exercise 2014 Doctoral …
K Solberg Søilen
diva-portal.org. Please wait ... ...

[HTML] How can the Nordic experience be used for nutrition in the future?: Emphasis on Nordic Regional Nutrition Co-operation 2014 Report (Other academic)
ES Norsk
diva-portal.org. Please wait ... ...

Unsupervised Learning of Semantics of Object Detections for Scene Categorization
G Mesnil, S Rifai, A Bordes, X Glorot, Y Bengio… - … Applications and Methods, 2015
Abstract Classifying scenes (eg into “street”,“home” or “leisure”) is an important but 
complicated task nowadays, because images come with variability, ambiguity, and a wide 
range of illumination or scale conditions. Standard approaches build an intermediate ...

Spiking Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for Energy-Efficient Object Recognition
Y Cao, Y Chen, D Khosla - International Journal of Computer Vision, 2014
Abstract Deep-learning neural networks such as convolutional neural network (CNN) have 
shown great potential as a solution for difficult vision problems, such as object recognition. 
Spiking neural networks (SNN)-based architectures have shown great potential as a ...

[PDF] Learning to Generate Chairs with Convolutional Neural Networks
A Dosovitskiy, JT Springenberg, T Brox - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.5928, 2014
Abstract: We train a generative convolutional neural network which is able to generate 
images of objects given object type, viewpoint, and color. We train the network in a 
supervised manner on a dataset of rendered 3D chair models. Our experiments show that ...

[PDF] Learning High-level Features by Deep Boltzmann Machines for Handwriting Digits Recogintion
S Zhang, K Kang
Abstract—Handwriting recognition is the ability of a computer to understand handwritten 
inputs from users. Generally it includes preprocessing, feature extraction, and classifier 
training. In this paper, we will develop a handwriting digit recognition system by using ...

[PDF] Predictive Encoding of Contextual Relationships for Perceptual Inference, Interpolation and Prediction
M Zhao, C Zhuang, Y Wang, TS Lee - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.3815, 2014
Abstract: We propose a new neurally-inspired model that can learn to encode global 
relationship context of visual events across time and space and to use the contextual 
information to modulate the analysis by synthesis process in a predictive coding ...

[PDF] How to Scale Up Kernel Methods to Be As Good As Deep Neural Nets
Z Lu, A May, K Liu, AB Garakani, D Guo, A Bellet, L Fan… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
Abstract: In this paper, we investigate how to scale up kernel methods to take on large-scale 
problems, on which deep neural networks have been prevailing. To this end, we leverage 
existing techniques and develop new ones. These techniques include approximating ...

[PDF] Deep Deconvolutional Networks for Scene Parsing
R Mohan - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4101, 2014
Abstract: Scene parsing is an important and challenging prob-lem in computer vision. It 
requires labeling each pixel in an image with the category it belongs to. Tradition-ally, it has 
been approached with hand-engineered features from color information in images. ...

[PDF] A Nonparametric Bayesian Approach Toward Stacked Convolutional Independent Component Analysis
S Chatzis - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4423, 2014
Abstract: Unsupervised feature learning algorithms based on convolutional formulations of 
independent components analysis (ICA) have been demonstrated to yield state-of-the-art 
results in several action recognition benchmarks. However, existing approaches do not ...

The normalized risk-averting error criterion for avoiding nonglobal local minima in training neural networks
JTH Lo, Y Gui, Y Peng - Neurocomputing, 2015
The convexification method for data fitting is capable of avoiding nonglobal local minima, but 
suffers from two shortcomings: the risk-averting error (RAE) criterion grows exponentially as 
its risk-sensitivity index λ increases, and the existing method of determining λ is often not ...

[PDF] Deep Belief Network Training Improvement Using Elite Samples Minimizing Free Energy
MA Keyvanrad, MM Homayounpour - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4046, 2014
Abstract: Nowadays this is very popular to use deep architectures in machine learning. Deep 
Belief Networks (DBNs) are deep architectures that use stack of Restricted Boltzmann 
Machines (RBM) to create a powerful generative model using training data. In this paper ...

[PDF] Toward a Universal Cortical Algorithm: Examining Hierarchical Temporal Memory in Light of Frontal Cortical Function
MR Ferrier - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.4702, 2014
Abstract: A wide range of evidence points toward the existence of a common algorithm 
underlying the processing of information throughout the cerebral cortex. Several 
hypothesized features of this cortical algorithm are reviewed, including sparse distributed ...

[PDF] Deep Narrow Boltzmann Machines are Universal Approximators
G Montufar - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.3784, 2014
Abstract: We show that deep narrow Boltzmann machines are universal approximators of 
probability distributions on the activities of their visible units, provided they have sufficiently 
many hidden layers, each containing the same number of units as the visible layer. ...

[PDF] Rémi Bardenet
PA Doucet, RÉ Moulines, C Robert, DB Kégl, EF Bach…
In machine learning (ML), the training process of an algorithm generally consists of two 
nested loops: the outer loop iterates over hyperparameter values, while the inner loop 
minimizes an empirical error measure. For instance, assume we want to perform binary ...

[PDF] Hypercolumns for Object Segmentation and Fine-grained Localization
B Hariharan, P Arbeláez, R Girshick, J Malik - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.5752, 2014
... of vision tasks: image classification [27, 34], object segmentation and de- tection [17, 21], action
classfication [33], pose estima- tion [35] and fine-grained category recognition [42, 6]. We have
thus moved from the era of HOG and SIFT to the era of convolutional network features. ...

[PDF] Learning to Generate Chairs with Convolutional Neural Networks
A Dosovitskiy, JT Springenberg, T Brox - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.5928, 2014
... In ICML, 2014. 1 [6] C. Dong, CC Loy, K. He, and X. Tang. Learning a deep convolutional network
for image super-resolution. In 13th European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV), pages
184–199, 2014. 2 [7] A. Dosovitskiy, J. Springenberg, M. Riedmiller, and T. Brox. ...

Spiking Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for Energy-Efficient Object Recognition
Y Cao, Y Chen, D Khosla - International Journal of Computer Vision, 2014
Page 1. Int J Comput Vis DOI 10.1007/s11263-014-0788-3 Spiking Deep Convolutional
Neural Networks for Energy-Efficient Object Recognition Yongqiang Cao · Yang Chen ·
Deepak Khosla Received: 9 February 2014 / Accepted ...

Unsupervised Learning of Semantics of Object Detections for Scene Categorization
G Mesnil, S Rifai, A Bordes, X Glorot, Y Bengio… - … Applications and Methods, 2015
... the responses for various objects detectors/locations/scales in a way that takes explicitly into
account the object category, location and scale of each response, similarly to the way filter outputs
at neighboring locations are pooled in each layer of a Convolutional Network. ...

[PDF] Self-Taught Object Localization with Deep Networks
L Bazzani, A Bergamo, D Anguelov, L Torresani
... Email of the corresponding author: loris.bazzani@dartmouth.edu Figure 1. The original
image (first row), a mask-out version of the image (second row) and the respective outputs
of different layers of the deep convolutional network [20]. ...

[PDF] Multiscale Centerline Detection
A Sironi, E Türetken, V Lepetit, P Fua
... impressive results on many benchmark datasets [9], [10], [25]. Typically, a large
Convolutional Network is trained using back-propagation to minimize the classification
error. However, because of the huge number of parameters ...

[HTML] IMPROVING DEEP NEURAL NETWORKS USING STATE PROJECTION VECTORS OF SUBSPACE GAUSSIAN MIXTURE MODEL AS FEATURES
M Karthick, S Umesh - SLT 2014, 2014
... with LDA bottleneck feature set. Also training Deep belief network -DNN (DBN-DNN)
using the proposed feature set attains a WER of 20.46% on TIMIT core test set proving
the effectiveness of our method. The state specific vec ...

[PDF] Hardware-Amenable Structural Learning for Spike-based Pattern Classification using a Simple Model of Active Dendrites
S Hussain, SC Liu, A Basu - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.5881, 2014
Page 1. arXiv:1411.5881v1 [cs.NE] 20 Nov 2014 1 Hardware-Amenable Structural Learning for
Spike- based Pattern Classification using a Simple Model of Active Dendrites Shaista Hussain
School of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, ...

[PDF] MIREX 2014 AUDIO DOWNBEAT ESTIMATION EVALUATION: DB1
S Durand, JP Bello, B David, G Richard
... Those features are an extension of those presented by Durand [2]. Those features are then
analysed by a Deep Belief Network and classified by their probability of being a downbeat or
not. ... We take each of these features independently as input for a Deep Belief Network. ...

[PDF] The Application of Two-level Attention Models in Deep Convolutional Neural Network for Fine-grained Image Classification
T Xiao, Y Xu, K Yang, J Zhang, Y Peng, Z Zhang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.6447, 2014
... Based on R-CNN, Zhang et al. has proposed Part-based R-CNN [24] to utilize deep convolutional
network for part detection. 4.2. Feature Representation The other aspect to directly boost up the
accuracy is to introduce more discriminative feature to represent im- age regions. ...

[PDF] Persistent Evidence of Local Image Properties in Generic ConvNets
AS Razavian, H Azizpour, A Maki, J Sullivan, CH Ek… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
... Abstract Supervised training of a convolutional network for ob- ject classification should make
explicit any information re- lated to the class of objects and disregard any auxiliary in- formation
associated with the capture of the image or the variation within the object class. ...

[PDF] Deep Convolutional Neural Fields for Depth Estimation from a Single Image
F Liu, C Shen, G Lin - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.6387, 2014
Page 1. Deep Convolutional Neural Fields for Depth Estimation from a Single Image ∗
Fayao Liu1, Chunhua Shen1,2, Guosheng Lin1,2 1The University of Adelaide,
Australia 2Australian Centre for Robotic Vision Abstract We ...

[PDF] Virtual View Networks for Object Reconstruction
J Carreira, A Kar, S Tulsiani, J Malik - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.6091, 2014
... We resized the image of each object to be 150 pixels tall and computed a regular grid of features
taken by con- catenating the fourth and fifth convolutional layers of the AlexNet convolutional
network [35], resulting in 640 di- mensional feature vectors at each grid location. ...

[PDF] Viewpoints and Keypoints
S Tulsiani, J Malik - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.6067, 2014
Page 1. Viewpoints and Keypoints Shubham Tulsiani and Jitendra Malik University
of California, Berkeley - Berkeley, CA 94720 {shubhtuls,malik}@eecs.berkeley.edu
Abstract We characterize the problem of pose estimation ...

TriViews: A general framework to use 3D depth data effectively for action recognition
W Chen, G Guo - Journal of Visual Communication and Image …, 2014
We present an effective framework to utilize 3D depth data for action recognition, called
TriViews. It projects the 3D depth maps into three views, ie, front,.

Systems and methods for analyzing data using deep belief networks (DBN) and identifying a pattern in a graph
J Helmsen - US Patent 8,898,093, 2014
... The method includes generating, using a processing device, a graph from raw data, the graph
including a plurality of nodes and edges, deriving, using the processing device, at least one label
for each node using a deep belief network, and identifying, using the processing ...

[PDF] A Survey of Regularization Methods for Deep Neural Network
N Tripathi, A Jadeja - 2014
... 430 A. Some Terminologies Used in Deep Learning 1. Deep belief network (DBN): Are
probabilistic graphical models which are made of stochastic units having directed and undirected
connections. Sigmoid belief network is a version of the deep belief network. ...

[PDF] Deep Belief Networks and Biomedical Text Categorisation
AJ Yepes, A MacKinlay, J Bedo, R Garnavi, Q Chen - Australasian Language Technology …
... argb,c,W min−log多 (X) = − ∑ v∈X log∑ h P(v,h). We used the Contrastive
Divergence method (Hin- ton, 2002) to find an approximate solution. Deep Belief
Network A DBN normally is the stack of many layers of RBM model. ...

[PDF] A Survey of Regularization Methods for Deep Neural Network
N Tripathi, A Jadeja - 2014
Abstract—Mimicking the human psyche has been a core challenge in machine learning 
research. Deep Neural network inspired from the human Visual cortex system are powerful 
computational model represents the large features in a hierarchical way. Overfitting is a ...

The Spatial Complexity of Inhomogeneous Multi-layer Neural Networks
JC Ban, CH Chang - Neural Processing Letters, 2014
Abstract Inhomogeneous multi-layer neural networks (IHMNNs) have been applied in 
various fields, for example, biological and ecological contexts. This work studies the learning 
problem of IHMNNs with an activation function\(f (x)=\ dfrac {1}{2}(| x+ 1|-| x-1|)\) that ...

Systems and methods for analyzing data using deep belief networks (DBN) and identifying a pattern in a graph
J Helmsen - US Patent 8,898,093, 2014
Abstract: A method for analyzing data is provided. The method includes generating, using a 
processing device, a graph from raw data, the graph including a plurality of nodes and 
edges, deriving, using the processing device, at least one label for each node using a ...

[PDF] Clinical Decision Analysis using Decision Tree
JM Bae - Epidemiology and health, 2014
The clinical decision analysis (CDA) has used to overcome complexity and uncertainty in 
medical problems. The CDA is a tool allowing decision-makers to apply evidence-based 
medicine to make objective clinical decisions when faced with complex situations. The ...

[PDF] A Location-Aware Social Media Monitoring System
J Liu - 2014
Social media users generate a large volume of data, which can contain meaningful and 
useful information. One such example is information about locations, which may be useful in 
applications such as marketing and security monitoring. There are two types of locations: ...

Research on online asynchronous interaction level in modern distance education for the party members and cadres—a case study of modern distance education …
M Wang, JX Guo - Biotechnology, Agriculture, Environment and Energy, 2014
... However, it is not clear about the practical application effects of current online asynchronous
interaction. It also needs more study to analyze the deep learning situation in those platforms
and develop the solu- tions to improve the online asynchronous inter- 223 Page 239. ...

[PDF] A Survey of Regularization Methods for Deep Neural Network
N Tripathi, A Jadeja - 2014
... Deep Neural network inspired from the human Visual cortex system are powerful computational
model represents the large features in a hierarchical way. Overfitting is a major problem in
deep learning due to the presence of a large number of features. ...

[PDF] Kickback cuts Backprop's red-tape: Biologically plausible credit assignment in neural networks
D Balduzzi, H Vanchinathan, J Buhmann - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.6191, 2014
... Decades later, Backprop is the workhorse underlying most deep learning algorithms, and a major
component of the state-of-the-art in supervised learning. Since Backprop's introduction, there
has been tremen- dous progress improving the performance of neural net- works. ...

[PDF] Predicting Academic Achievement of High-School Students Using Machine Learning
HF Golino, CMA Gomes, D Andrade - Psychology, 2014
... Figure 1 shows the classification tree presented by Golino and Gomes (2014) with three predictors
of the academic achievement (high and low) of medicine students: The Metacognitive Control
Test (TCM), Deep Learning Approach (DeepAp) and the Self-Appraisal of the ...

Enhancing nursing students' understanding of threshold concepts through the use of digital stories and a virtual community called 'Wiimali'
T Levett-Jones, L Bowen, A Morris - Nurse Education in Practice, 2014
... services. • Many of the virtual communities previously described in the literature focus
on acquisition of clinical skills and knowledge and attention to deep learning about
broader professional and social concepts is often limited. • ...

[PDF] Robot Learning Manipulation Action Plans by “Watching” Unconstrained Videos from the World Wide Web
Y Yang, Y Li, Y Aloimonos - 2015
... Robotics and Autonomous Systems 61(12):1323–1334. Lenz, I.; Lee, H.; and Saxena, A.
2014. Deep learning for detect- ing robotic grasps. International Journal of Robotics Research
to appear. Li, Y.; Fermüller, C.; Aloimonos, Y.; and Ji, H. 2010. ...

[PDF] Deep convolutional filter banks for texture recognition and segmentation
M Cimpoi, S Maji, A Vedaldi - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.6836, 2014
... Comparison with the state-of-the-art. The best result ob- tained in PASCAL VOC is
comparable to the current state- of-the-art set by the deep learning method of [41]
(85.2% → 85.0%), but using a much more straightforward pipeline. ...

[PDF] A Convex Formulation for Spectral Shrunk Clustering
X Chang, F Nie, Z Ma, Y Yang, X Zhou - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.6308, 2014
... Xia et al. 2014). Yang et al. pro- pose to use Laplacian Regularized L1-Graph for cluster-
ing (Yang et al. 2014). Tian et al. recently propose to adopt deep learning in spectral
clustering (Tian et al. 2014). In spite of the encouraging ...

[PDF] Trade Union Education and Life Long Learning in Modern Greece—A Critical and Empirical Approach Concerning the Case of GSEE
N Fotopoulos, C Goulas, V Karra - World Journal of Educational Research, 2014
... countries. In particular, the education of adult employees holds a past of more than
two centuries in foreign countries (Sweden, Denmark, England), resulting in a deep
learning culture being developed in the consciousness ...

[PDF] Deep Belief Networks and Biomedical Text Categorisation
AJ Yepes, A MacKinlay, J Bedo, R Garnavi, Q Chen - Australasian Language Technology …
... Recently, several studies have utilised different deep learning methods to build multiple
layers of feature representation for documents, such as a Stacked De-noising Autoencoder
(SDA) (Vincent et al., 2010; Glorot et al., 2011) and a DBN (Hinton ...

[PDF] A comparative study to evaluate the educational impact of e-learning tools on Griffith University pharmacy students' level of understanding using Bloom's and SOLO …
A Karaksha, G Grant, SN Nirthanan, AK Davey…
... studies value Page 6. 4 both the comprehensiveness and the objectivity of the criteria
provided for measuring students' cognitive attainment and the degree of deep learning
that has occurred throughout a course.25-27 This study ...

[PDF] Discriminative Kernel Feature Extraction and Learning for Object Recognition and Detection
H Pan, SI Olsen, Y Zhu
Page 1. univERsity oF copEnhAGEn Discriminative Kernel Feature Extraction and
Learning for Object Recognition and Detection Pan, Hong; Olsen, Søren Ingvor;
Zhu, Yaping Published in: International Conference, ICPRAM ...

[PDF] PHONETICS EMBEDDING LEARNING WITH SIDE INFORMATION
GST Schatz, E Dupoux
... represent- Page 2. ing 25ms of speech (Hamming windowed), without deltas or
delta-delta coefficients. This encoding was used by several state-of-the-art supervised
deep-learning phone-recognition systems [13, 14]. Separately ...

[PDF] Evolving formative assessment for and with ubiquitous technologies.
N Adams, A Porter
... Guest editorial: Special issue on mobile and ubiquitous technologies for learning. IEEE
Transactions on Learning Technologies, 3(1), 4-5. Rushton, A. (2005). Formative assessment:
a key to deep learning? Medical Teacher, 27(6), 509-513. Tait, P. (2005). ...

[PDF] Big Data Comes to School: Reconceptualizing Evidence and Research in the Era of Technology-mediated Learning1
B Cope, M Kalantzis
Page 1. 1 Big Data Comes to School: Reconceptualizing Evidence and Research in
the Era of Technology-mediated Learning1 Bill Cope, University of Illinois Mary Kalantzis,
University of Illinois Introduction: The Challenge of Big Data ...

[PDF] STUDENT'S REACTIONS TO AN INNOVATIVE APPROACH IN LANGUAGE TEACHING
Z Othman, A Ya'acob, H Azman, SM Thang… - Nirwan Idrus PhDMonash …
... What is most important is that this mode of learning has been found to generate i)
self- Page 7. 7 active learning ii) self-motivation iii) exploration of issues iv) deep
learning v) an adult style of learning and vi) transferable skills. ...

Torkel Aschehoug and Norwegian Historical Economic Thought: Reconsidering a Forgotten Norwegian Pioneer Economist
MC Fasting - 2014
Page 1. Torkel Aschehoug and Norwegian Historical Economic Thought Page 2. Anthem
Other Canon Economics Anthem Press and The Other Canon Foundation are pleased
to present the Anthem Other Canon Economics series. ...

[PDF] Teaching Experimental Mathematics: Digital Discovery using Maple
B Blyth
... MapleTA). Students engage with the visualization, are active learners with deep
learning of the concept of maximum and gain a gentle introduction to the important
new field of exper- imental mathematics. 1 Introduction Since ...

[HTML] ATP Dynamics in Pancreatic α-and β-cells 2014 Doktoravhandling, med artikler (Annet vitenskapelig)
K Solberg Søilen
diva-portal.org. vente ... ...

[HTML] Heterogeneously Catalyzed Valorization of Monoterpenes to High Value-Added Chemicals 2014 Doktorsavhandling, sammanläggning (Övrigt vetenskapligt)
M Golets
... literacy events. Then it will also be more probable that the students' participation
in the literacy events in sfi will lead to deep learning. In the sfi classrooms, the
participants take part in literacy events of everyday life. There are ...

[PDF] Da-ccd: A novel action representation by deep architecture of local depth feature
Y Liu, L Qin, Z Cheng, Y Zhang, W Zhang, Q Huang - IEEE International Conference …, 2014
... discrimina- tive high-level representations. Hinton et al. [6] first proposed deep
learning algorithms by the greedy, unsupervised, layer- wise pre-training scheme,
referred as deep belief network (DBN). While each layer of DBN ...

Learning spatio-temporal features for action recognition from the side of the video
L Pei, M Ye, X Zhao, T Xiang, T Li - Signal, Image and Video Processing, 2014
... Recently, some hybrid algorithms [14,26] are proposed. [14] uses the DPM (Deformable part
model) to detect the human body parts or objects and then trains a DBN (Deep belief network)
to recognition actions using the locations of the body parts and the objects. ...

[PDF] A critical examination of deep learningapproaches to automated speech recognition
NGA LAYOUSS - 2014
... 16 2.6.4 Deep Belief Network . . . . . ... CD Contrastive Divergence CDHMM Continous Density
Hidden Markov Model CPU Central Processing Unit DBN Deep Belief Network DNN Deep Neural
Network EBM Energy Based Model GMM Gaussian Mixture Model ...

[PDF] Topic-aware Deep Auto-encoders (TDA) for Face Alignment
J Zhang, M Kan, S Shan, X Zhao, X Chen
... Specifically, deep belief network is employed to capture the shape variations due to facial
expressions and a 3-way RBM is further used for modeling pose variations. Yet, it is still hard
to handle the extreme variations of face poses and facial expressions simultaneously. Page 4. ...

[PDF] Parametric Speech Synthesis Using Local and Global Sparse Gaussian
T Koriyama, T Nose, T Kobayashi - Book name Proc. The 24th IEEE International …
Page 1. 論文 / 著書情報 Article / Book Information Title Parametric Speech Synthesis
Using Local and Global Sparse Gaussian Processes Author Tomoki Koriyama,
Takashi Nose, Takao Kobayashi Journal/Book name Proc. ...

[PDF] Deep Representation Learning with Target Coding
S Yang, P Luo, CC Loy, KW Shum, X Tang - 2015
... Using Target Code in Convolutional Network Convolutional layer 3 Locally- connected layer ... We
adopt the deep convolutional network (CNN) to learn feature representation by minimizing the
Euclidean loss, argmin {Wl,bl}L l=1 N ∑ i=1 yi − f(xi; {Wl, bl}L l=1) 2 2, (1) ...

[PDF] Scene Recognition Using Mid-level features from CNN
A Singh, A Raj, VK Gupta
... We exper- iment whether the features extracted from the activation of a deep convolutional network
trained in a supervised manner on ImageNet Dataset can be re-purposed to novel generic tasks
such as scene recognition. 3.3 OTHER TOOLS AND LIBRARIES ...

[PDF] Topic-aware Deep Auto-encoders (TDA) for Face Alignment
J Zhang, M Kan, S Shan, X Zhao, X Chen
Page 1. Topic-aware Deep Auto-encoders (TDA) for Face Alignment Jie Zhang1,2,
Meina Kan1, Shiguang Shan1, Xiaowei Zhao3, and Xilin Chen1 1Key Lab of Intelligent
Information Processing of Chinese Academy of Sciences ...

[PDF] SHARING MODEL WITH MULTI-LEVEL FEATURE REPRESENTATIONS
L Shen, G Sun, S Wang, E Wu, Q Huang
... To deal with realistic-sized (eg, 200 × 200 pixel) images, we leverage convolutional network
architecture [9, 11] to gener- ate representations. The architecture is composed of multiple
978-1-4799-5751-4/14/$31.00 ©2014 IEEE ICIP 2014 5931 Page 2. Vehicle Animal ...

[PDF] Deep Representation Learning with Target Coding
S Yang, P Luo, CC Loy, KW Shum, X Tang - 2015
... networks. Specifically, we found that distributed binary code with error correcting
capability is more capable of encouraging discriminative features, in comparison to
the 1-of-K coding that is typically used in supervised deep learning. ...

[PDF] Da-ccd: A novel action representation by deep architecture of local depth feature
Y Liu, L Qin, Z Cheng, Y Zhang, W Zhang, Q Huang - IEEE International Conference …, 2014
... representations. Hinton et al. [6] first proposed deep learning algorithms by the greedy,
unsupervised, layer- wise pre-training scheme, referred as deep belief network (DBN).
While ... representations. Additionally, deep learning Page 2. methods ...

College Seniors' Plans for Graduate School: Do Deep Approaches Learning and Holland Academic Environments Matter?
LM Rocconi, AK Ribera, TFN Laird - Research in Higher Education, 2014
... and Säljö 1984; Svensson 1977). Students who used deep-level processing were
more likely to gain deep learning outcomes that resulted in a greater retention and
understanding (Svensson 1976, 1984). To be inclusive of ...

Learning spatio-temporal features for action recognition from the side of the video
L Pei, M Ye, X Zhao, T Xiang, T Li - Signal, Image and Video Processing, 2014
... Based on the methods of feature extraction, action recognition methods can be roughly classified
into three categories: handcrafted feature- based approaches [5,12,17,25], deep learning-based
meth- ods [9,13], and hybrid algorithms [14,26], which combine the handcrafted ...

[PDF] Deep Representation Learning with Target Coding Supplementary Material
S Yang, P Luo, CC Loy, KW Shum, X Tang - 2015
... MNIST No preprocessing. STL-10 Deep model training following the pre- defined STL-10 partition
is infeasible due to the small number of samples in each fold. Therefore, deep learning studies
(Coates and Ng 2011) tend to adopt different protocols for STL10. ...

Improving Higher-Order Learning and Critical Thinking Skills Using Virtual and Simulated Science Laboratory Experiments
N Simon - New Trends in Networking, Computing, E-learning, …, 2015
... group does increase the use of CT Skills. The use of CT Skills with simulations and
virtual laboratory experiments consisted of two main subscales, deep learning and
surface learning. The results showed that learners in the ...

[PDF] Simulation and the learning of the law: constructing and using an online transactional assessment in employment law
C Strevens, R Welch - 2014
... It is useful to clarify what we mean by deep learning by reference to previous pedagogic research. ...
Kolb7 discusses a similar phenomenon as 'surface learning' as opposed to 'deep learning'. The
distinction between these forms of learning can be explained as follows: ...

Promoting a willingness to wonder: moving from congenial to collegial conversations that encourage deep and critical reflection for teacher educators
M Selkrig, K Keamy - Teachers and Teaching, 2014

[PDF] Perception and Barriers of Quality Teaching: From the Perspective of University Teachers in Italy, UK and China
N Yang - … & INSEGNAMENTO. European Journal of Research …, 2014
Page 1. Perception and Barriers of Quality Teaching: From the Perspective of University
Teachers in Italy, UK and China Insegnamento accademico di qualità e barriere che lo
ostacolano, dal punto dei vista dei docenti, in Italia, Regno Unito e Cina ...

Pedestrian Detection Based on Multi-Stage Unsupervised Learning
Y Yin, MJ Liao, XL Li - Applied Mechanics and Materials, 2014
... In order to implement effective detection and utilize large numbers of unlabeled samples,a
pedestrian detection method based on Unsupervised learning was presented.We apply deep
learning to human detection to acquire pedestrian features with unlabeled data set.The ...

Multi-modal microblog classification via multi-task learning
S Zhao, H Yao, S Zhao, X Jiang, X Jiang - Multimedia Tools and Applications, 2014
Page 1. Multimed Tools Appl DOI 10.1007/s11042-014-2342-2 Multi-modal
microblog classification via multi-task learning Sicheng Zhao ·Hongxun Yao
·Sendong Zhao · Xuesong Jiang ·Xiaolei Jiang Received: 1 April 2014 ...

Quaternion softmax classifier
R Zeng, J Wu, Z Shao, L Senhadji, H Shu - Electronics Letters, 2014
... References. 1): K. Charalampous , I. Kostavelis , A. Amanatiadis , A. Gasteratos . 1.
Charalampous, K., Kostavelis, I., Amanatiadis, A., Gasteratos, A.: 'Sparse deep-learning
algorithm for recognition and categorisation', Electron. Lett., 2012, 48, (20), pp. ...

Think Tank Library: Brain-Based Learning Plans for New Standards, Grades K–5
MB Ratzer, P Jaeger - 2014

How do school leaders navigate ICT educational reform? Policy learning narratives from a Singapore context
V Chua Reyes - International Journal of Leadership in Education, 2014

[PDF] A critical examination of deep learningapproaches to automated speech recognition
NGA LAYOUSS - 2014
Page 1. A critical examination of deep learning approaches to automated speech recognition
NIZAR GANDY ASSAF LAYOUSS ... Page 2. Page 3. Abstract Recently, deep learning techniques
have been successfully applied to automatic speech recognition (ASR) tasks. ...

[PDF] Immersive Learning Design (ILD): A New Model to Assure the Quality of Learning through Flipped Classrooms
HA Abdelaziz - Open Journal of Social Sciences, 2014
... Page 3. HA Abdelaziz 214 is a positive goal to reach for each student. It's the gate way to get
learners involved in an immersive design process that guarantee deep learning and deep
understanding of learning materials. ... Zone of Partnership Zone of Deep Learning Zone of Trust ...

[PDF] The Understanding of Curriculum Philosophy among Trainee Teachers in Regards to Soft Skills Embedment
A Hassan, M Maharoff - International Education Studies, 2014
... Deep learning focuses on an understanding of the subject matter by one way of linking
different topics together and information processing, rather than superficial learning
that focuses on producing something without understanding. ...

'That would have been beneficial': LGBTQ education for home‐care service providers
A Daley, JA MacDonnell - Health & Social Care in the Community, 2014
... That is, these findings raise questions about the home care-specific content and process
of diversity education that is structured in a way that can prompt deep learning on an
emotional level that is needed to shift heteronormative practices. ...

[PDF] Leadership and student learning in higher education
F Woyu - 2014
Page 1. WOYU FABIAN SEWOYEBA LEADERSHIP AND STUDENT LEARNING IN HIGHER
EDUCATION Master's Thesis October 2014 Department of Education Institute of Educational
Leadership University of Jyväskylä Page 2. JYVÄSKYLÄN YLIOPISTO ...

[PDF] Characteristics, Impacts and Risks of Dammed Lakes Induced by Debris Flows at the Wenchuan Earthquake Areas
Y Ge, X Chen, J Zhuang, X Zhu - Journal of Water Resource and Protection, 2014
... Therefore, this identification model could evaluate the phenomena of debris flow block river but
not precisely. It is required to optimize and revise based on the deep learning on dy- namic
mechanism of debris flow blocking river to discover the actual process and mechanism. ...

A deep HMM model for multiple keywords spotting in handwritten documents
S Thomas, C Chatelain, L Heutte, T Paquet… - Pattern Analysis and …, 2014
Abstract In this paper, we propose a query by string word spotting system able to extract 
arbitrary keywords in handwritten documents, taking both segmentation and recognition 
decisions at the line level. The system relies on the combination of a HMM line model ...

[PDF] Da-ccd: A novel action representation by deep architecture of local depth feature
Y Liu, L Qin, Z Cheng, Y Zhang, W Zhang, Q Huang - IEEE International Conference …, 2014
ABSTRACT With the widespread use of depth sensors, it is crucial to provide an effective 
and efficient solution for human action analysis applications upon the informative depth 
data. In this paper, we present a generic framework of modeling the human action by deep ...

基于深度学习的太阳能电池片表面缺陷检测方法
王宪保， 李洁， 姚明海， 何文秀， 钱沄涛 - 模式识别与人工智能, 2014
摘要: 目前对太阳能电池片的缺陷检测仍依赖人工完成, 很难通过传统的CCD 
成像系统自动识别. 作为一种多层神经网络学习算法, 深度学习因对输入样本数据强大的特征
提取能力而受到广泛关注. 文中提出一种基于深度学习的太阳能电池片表面缺陷检测方法, 该 ...

[PDF] A critical examination of deep learningapproaches to automated speech recognition
NGA LAYOUSS - 2014
Abstract Recently, deep learning techniques have been successfully applied to automatic 
speech recognition (ASR) tasks. Most current speech recognition systems use Hidden 
Markov Models (HMMs) to deal with the temporal variability of speech and Gaussian ...

[PDF] SHARING MODEL WITH MULTI-LEVEL FEATURE REPRESENTATIONS
L Shen, G Sun, S Wang, E Wu, Q Huang
ABSTRACT Hierarchical classification models have been proposed to achieve high 
accuracy by transferring effective information across the categories. One important 
challenge for this paradigm is to design what can be transferred across the categories. In ...

[PDF] 補助関数法に基づく制約付きボルツマンマシンの学習アルゴリズム
高宗典玄， 亀岡弘和
Abstract Layerwise pre-training is one of important elements for deep learning, and 
Restricted Boltzmann Machines (RBMs) is popular layerwise pre-training method. At 
present, the most popular training algorithm for RBMs is the Contrastive Divergence (CD) ...

PDF] High-definition 3D Image Processing Technology for Ultrasound Diagnostic Scanners
M Ogino, T Shibahara, Y Noguchi, T Tsujita… - Hitachi Review, 2014
OVERVIEW: Hitachi has developed ultrasound diagnostic scanners for use in obstetrics that 
can provide realistic 3D fetal images by using highquality rendering techniques capable of 
representing the scattering and shading of light, and skin color correction techniques that ...

[PDF] High-definition 3D Image Processing Technology for Ultrasound Diagnostic Scanners
M Ogino, T Shibahara, Y Noguchi, T Tsujita… - Hitachi Review, 2014
... The proposed method uses ranking learning based on deep learning(8) to assess the appeal
of the fetus (see Fig. ... Margin learning Automatic generation of characteristic quantities Ranking
learning Fig. 7—Configuration of Subjective Analysis System Based on Deep Learning. ...

[PDF] Analysis on Sense of Object Necessary for Flight Attendants in the Passenger Cabin Broadcasting Process
J Hu - … Conference on Education Technology and Social …, 2014
... The third one is improvement to overall situation. After mastering certain broadcasting
skills, flight attendants should have deep learning and master practices. Thus, it requires
continuous learning and improvement to the sense of object. ...

[PDF] The rhythm and rhyme of teaching mathematics: A qualitative study of Cambodian American educators teaching inner city African American students
T White - 2014
Page 1. ABSTRACT THE RHYTHM AND RHYME OF TEACHING MATHEMATICS: A
QUALITATIVE STUDY OF CAMBODIAN AMERICAN EDUCATORS TEACHING INNER
CITY AFRICAN AMERICAN STUDENTS By Trina White August 2014 ...

[PDF] " Go Crazy" and" Break a Norm": Encouraging Students' Abnormal Behavior to Better Understand Stigma and Social Deviance
V Wickline, G Petonito, J Schaefer
... Keywords: Abnormal Behavior Critical Thinking Deep Learning Diversity/Multiculturalism
Experiential Interdisciplinary/Multidisciplinary Scholarship of Teaching and Learning
(SoTL) Example Social Deviance Transformative Learning

[PDF] Crossing Borders: Promoting International and Domestic Students' Intercultural Competence Through Shared Cultural Experiences
V Wickline, KC Wyse
... (eg, what it was like to be in the program, what they liked & didn't like). Keywords: Deep Learning
Diversity/Multiculturalism Intercultural Competency Interdisciplinary/Multidisciplinary International
Students Scholarship of Teaching and Learning (SoTL) Example

[PDF] Journal of Environmental
KE Ross, AA Mackenzie-Ross, R Bentham, K Marshall… - JEHR
... could possibly be achieved by a good quality lecture, the requirement to enter a location
unprepared, to collate and evaluate evidence, and to prepare a portfolio verifying decisions made,
created a realistic situation which fulfils the requirements of deep learning, including the ...

[HTML] Search Periodicals
LA Rafeldt, HJ Bader, NL Czarzasty, E Freeman…
... All of the pieces that I have learned over the semesters have finally started to come together for
me as a whole.”. Throughout this course, using multiple practice stories, we persistently encourage
deep learning, asking students to take ownership of their professional identities. ...

An Adaptive Approach of Tamil Character Recognition Using Deep Learning with Big Data-A Survey
RJ Kannan, S Subramanian - Emerging ICT for Bridging the Future-Proceedings of …, 2015
Abstract Deep learning is currently an extremely active research area in machine learning 
and pattern recognition society. It has gained huge successes in a broad area of 
applications such as speech recognition, computer vision, and natural language ...

[PDF] Deep Learning Face Attributes in the Wild
Z Liu, P Luo, X Wang, X Tang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.7766, 2014
Abstract: Predicting face attributes from web images is challenging due to background 
clutters and face variations. A novel deep learning framework is proposed for face attribute 
prediction in the wild. It cascades two CNNs (LNet and ANet) for face localization and ...

C3D: Generic Features for Video Analysis
D Tran, L Bourdev, R Fergus, L Torresani, M Paluri - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.0767, 2014
... Third, it is efficient to compute: 91 times faster than current hand-crafted features, and two orders
of magnitude faster than current deep-learning based video classification methods. Subjects:
Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (cs.CV). Cite as: arXiv:1412.0767 [cs.CV]. ...

[PDF] Pedestrian Detection aided by Deep Learning Semantic Tasks
Y Tian, P Luo, X Wang, X Tang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.0069, 2014
Abstract: Deep learning methods have achieved great success in pedestrian detection, 
owing to its ability to learn features from raw pixels. However, they mainly capture middle-
level representations, such as pose of pedestrian, but confuse positive with hard negative ...

[PDF] From neural PCA to deep unsupervised learning
H Valpola - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.7783, 2014
... An early example is the neocognitron by Fukushima (1979). Nowadays the art of estimating deep
feature extraction hierachies is called deep learning (for a thor- ough overview of the history of
the field, including recent developments, see the review by Schmid- huber 2014). ...

[PDF] Multimodal Biometric Gait Database: A Comparison Study
E Hossain, G Chetty - Journal of Next Generation Information Technology ( …, 2014
... Further, we propose the use of unsupervised feature learning techniques, based on
variants of principal component analysis (vPCA) and deep learning (DL) approaches,
which allow an in- depth analysis of the underlying pixel data. ...

[PDF] Relational Stacked Denoising Autoencoder for Tag Recommendation
H Wang, X Shi, DY Yeung - 2015
... In this paper, we start with a deep learning model called stacked denoising autoencoder (SDAE)
in an attempt to learn more effective content representation. ... On the other hand, deep learning
models like stacked denoising autoencoder (SDAE) (Vincent et Page 2. al. ...

Leveraging Change by Learning to Work with the Wisdom in the Room: Educating for Responsibility as a Collaborative Learning Model
R McDonald - Journal of Business Ethics, 2014
... The impact of this is to make whatever learning does occur much more tem- porary than it could
otherwise be. It is well understood that actively working out a solution has a much more perma-
nent effect on deep learning than passively accepting another's 'truth'. ...

[PDF] Effective Face Frontalization in Unconstrained Images
T Hassner, S Harel, E Paz, R Enbar - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.7964, 2014
... We discuss these issues at length in Sec. 4. Finally, [41] described a deep-learning based
method for estimating canonical views of faces. Their method is unique in producing frontal
views without estimating (or using) 3D information in the process. ...

[PDF] Material recognition in the wild with the Materials in Context Database
S Bell, P Upchurch, N Snavely, K Bala - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.0623, 2014
... Recently, deep learning combined with large datasets is proving to be an effective approach
to tackling hard problems in scene un- derstanding. In this paper we introduce the Materials in
Context Database (MINC), a new, large, open, annotated material database. ...

[PDF] Learning Face Representation from Scratch
D Yi, Z Lei, S Liao, SZ Li - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.7923, 2014
... Data and algorithm are two essential components for pat- tern recognition. With the successful
applications of deep learning in face recognition, dataset collection lags behind algorithm. In
this section we review some popular face datasets and representation learning methods. ...

[PDF] Untangling Local and Global Deformations in Deep Convolutional Networks for Image Classification and Sliding Window Detection
G Papandreou, I Kokkinos, PA Savalle - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.0296, 2014
... Pascal VOC 2007 benchmark. 1. Introduction Deep learning offers a powerful framework
for learn- ing increasingly complex representations for visual recog- nition tasks. The
work of Krizhevsky et al. [18] convinc- ingly demonstrated ...

[PDF] Efficient Benchmarking of Hyperparameter Optimizers via Surrogates
K Eggensperger, F Hutter, HH Hoos, K Leyton-Brown - 2015
... Furthermore, some code requires specialized hardware; most notably, general-purpose graphics
process- ing units (GPGPUs) have become a standard requirement for the effective training of
modern deep learning architec- tures (Krizhevsky, Sutskever, and Hinton 2012). ...

Promoting Core Reflection in Teacher Education: Deepening Professional Growth
FAJ Korthagen - … Teacher Education: Promising Pedagogies (Part A)( …, 2014
... Regretfully, people often associate this with therapy. However, fundamental to the Core Reflection
approach is the idea that for deep learning, it is not necessary to dive into biographical issues.
What is important is awareness of one's potential and one's limiting beliefs. ...

[PDF] Leadership Development: Action Learning, Austerity and Change in the Public Sector. What have we learned?
M Hartog, C Rigby, D Wilson - 2014
... Furthermore, it requires a space in which 'deep' learning may be facilitated. (Bateson, 1972) refers
to the feeling of perturbation that characterises deep learning, typical of the troubling or 'wicked'
and intractable problems that public service leaders tend to face. ...

[PDF] Augmented Reality for Blended Language Learning
S Lim, B Jung - 2014
... For this, we review some instructional method that are intended to foster deep learning. In
this way, we look at realistic ways to systematically link and integrate AR-based learning
models with traditional pedagogy. 2. Mobile AR-Based Learning System ...

[PDF] The Loss Surface of Multilayer Networks
A Choromanska, M Henaff, M Mathieu, GB Arous… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
... Deep learning methods have enjoyed a resurgence of interest in the last few years for such
applications as image recognition, speech recognition, and natu- ral language processing [Ciresan
et al., 2012]. Some of the most popular methods use multi-stage ar- chitectures ...

[PDF] Effective Use of Word Order for Text Categorization with Convolutional Neural Networks
R Johnson, T Zhang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.1058, 2014
Page 1. Effective Use of Word Order for Text Categorization with Convolutional Neural
Networks Rie Johnson RJ Research Consulting Tarrytown, NY, USA Tong Zhang
Rutgers University Piscataway, NJ, USA Abstract Convolutional ...

Pink Time: Evidence of Self-Regulated Learning and Academic Motivation Among Undergraduate Students
TD Baird, DJ Kniola, AL Lewis, SB Fowler - Journal of Geography, 2014
... assessment. Students also reported changes in cognitive processes. These changes
facilitate the kinds of “deep learning” expected in higher education and are
emblematic of self-regulated learners. Interviewees frequently ...

[PDF] Cross-Modal Learning via Pairwise Constraints
R He, M Zhang, L Wang, Y Ji, Q Yin - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.7798, 2014
Page 1. arXiv:1411.7798v1 [cs.CV] 28 Nov 2014 JOURNAL OF LATEX CLASS FILES, VOL. 6,
NO. 1, JANUARY 2007 1 Cross-Modal Learning via Pairwise Constraints Ran He, Man Zhang,
Liang Wang, Senior Member, IEEE, Ye Ji, Member, IEEE, and Qiyue Yin ...

C3D: Generic Features for Video Analysis
D Tran, L Bourdev, R Fergus, L Torresani, M Paluri - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.0767, 2014
... In this work we propose Convolution 3D(C3D) feature, a generic spatio-temporal feature obtained
by training a deep 3-dimensional convolutional network on a large annotated video dataset
comprising objects, scenes, actions, and other frequently occurring concepts. ...

[PDF] Learning Face Representation from Scratch
D Yi, Z Lei, S Liao, SZ Li - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.7923, 2014
... 4. Learning Deep Representation To illustrate the advantages of the proposed
dataset, we learn an effective representation from this dataset by deep convolutional
network with many latest tricks. 4.1. Convolutional Network ...

[PDF] Untangling Local and Global Deformations in Deep Convolutional Networks for Image Classification and Sliding Window Detection
G Papandreou, I Kokkinos, PA Savalle - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.0296, 2014
... connected layers whose structure closely follows that in [32] (Class-A). In these evaluations the
deep epito- mic network achieves 13.6% top-5 error on the validation set, which is 0.6% better
than the corresponding conven- tional max-pooled convolutional network whose error ...

[PDF] Deep Learning Face Attributes in the Wild
Z Liu, P Luo, X Wang, X Tang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.7766, 2014
... features. Razavian et al. [20] and Donahue et al. [5] demonstrated that off-the-shelf
features learned by the Convolutional Network (CNN) of ImageNet [10] can be effectively
adapted to attribute classification. Zhang et al. [26] showed ...

[PDF] Fisher Vectors Derived from Hybrid Gaussian-Laplacian Mixture Models for Image Annotation
B Klein, G Lev, G Sadeh, L Wolf - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.7399, 2014
... image. Image descrip- tions are generated by sampling from this distribution. The
model consists of two sub-networks: a deep recurrent neural network for sentences
and a deep convolutional network for images. These two ...

[PDF] Visual Scene Representations: Sufficiency, Minimality, Invariance and Approximations
S Soatto - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.7676, 2014
... It also explains “pooling,” as ordinarily performed in convolutional network architectures,
and its relation to invariance. ... This is a layer of a convolutional network Ranzato et al. (2007),
also related to the scattering transform Bruna & Mallat (2011). ...

[PDF] Features in Concert: Discriminative Feature Selection meets Unsupervised Clustering
M Leordeanu, A Radu, R Sukthankar - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.7714, 2014
Abstract: Feature selection is an essential problem in computer vision, important for category 
learning and recognition. Along with the rapid development of a wide variety of visual 
features and classifiers, there is a growing need for efficient feature selection and ...

[PDF] Scalability of using Restricted Boltzmann Machines for Combinatorial Optimization
M Probst, F Rothlauf, J Grahl - arXiv preprint arXiv:1411.7542, 2014
Abstract: Estimation of Distribution Algorithms (EDAs) require flexible probability models that 
can be efficiently learned and sampled. Restricted Boltzmann Machines (RBMs) are 
generative neural networks with these desired properties. We integrate an RBM into an ...

[PDF] Video Event Detection via Multi-modality Deep Learning
IH Jhuo, DT Lee
Abstract Detecting complex video events based on audio and visual modalities is still a 
largely unresolved issue. While the conventional video representation methods extract each 
modality ineffectively, we propose a regularized multi-modality deep learning for video ...

An Adaptive Approach of Tamil Character Recognition Using Deep Learning with Big Data-A Survey
RJ Kannan, S Subramanian - Emerging ICT for Bridging the Future-Proceedings of …, 2015
... Furthermore, they cannot take advantage of unlabeled data, which are often abundant and cheap
to collect in Big Data. To alleviate these problems, a deep belief network (DBN) uses a ... In this
paper Deep belief network is used for recognizing handwritten Tamil characters. ...

[PDF] Convolutional Neural Networks at Constrained Time Cost
K He, J Sun - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.1710, 2014
Page 1. Convolutional Neural Networks at Constrained Time Cost Kaiming He Jian
Sun Microsoft Research {kahe,jiansun}@microsoft.com Abstract Though recent
advanced convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been ...

[PDF] Scalable, High-Quality Object Detection
C Szegedy, S Reed, D Erhan, D Anguelov - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.1441, 2014
... the top performing entries [18, 13, 17] of the 2014 Imagenet object detection competition [14],
make use of salience-based object lo- calization, in particular Selective Search [20] followed
by some post-classification method using features from a deep convolutional network. ...

[PDF] Deep Learning for Answer Sentence Selection
L Yu, KM Hermann, P Blunsom, S Pulman - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.1632, 2014
... positions in the sentences. Further, the convolutional network can learn to correspond
to the internal syntactic structure of sentences, removing reliance on external
resources such as parse trees [13]. Finally, the convolution ...

[PDF] Deeply learned face representations are sparse, selective, and robust
Y Sun, X Wang, X Tang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.1265, 2014
Page 1. Deeply learned face representations are sparse, selective, and robust Yi Sun1
Xiaogang Wang2,3 Xiaoou Tang1,3 1Department of Information Engineering, The
Chinese University of Hong Kong 2Department of Electronic ...

[PDF] Analysis of Multilayer Neural Networks for Object Recognition
P Agrawal - 2014
... However, currently we have little under- standing of what different layers of a deep convolutional
network encode and what is the 10 Page 14. ... [9] train a massive non-convolutional network and
argue about the presence of cat and people specific filters in their network. ...

[PDF] Parsing Occluded People by Flexible Compositions
X Chen, A Yuille - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.1526, 2014
Page 1. Parsing Occluded People by Flexible Compositions Xianjie Chen University of
California, Los Angeles Los Angeles, CA 90095 cxj@ucla.edu Alan Yuille University of
California, Los Angeles Los Angeles, CA 90095 yuille@stat.ucla.edu Abstract ...

Non-linear neighborhood component analysis based on constructive neural networks
C Qin, S Song, G Huang - Systems, Man and Cybernetics (SMC), 2014 IEEE …, 2014
... It is worth mentioning that non-linear metric learning has been studied in literatures, such
as the convolutional network based method [15], a general Riemannian metric learning
method [16], and some kernel-based learning methods [17] [18]. ...

[PDF] Age Estimation by Multi-scale Convolutional Network
D Yi, Z Lei, SZ Li
Abstract. In the last five years, biologically inspired features (BIF) always held the state-of-the-
art results for human age estimation from face images. Recently, researchers mainly put 
their focuses on the regression step after feature extraction, such as support vector ...

[PDF] DeepEdge: A Multi-Scale Bifurcated Deep Network for Top-Down Contour Detection
G Bertasius, J Shi, L Torresani - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.1123, 2014
... point (with a regression criterion). We show that without any feature engineering our
multi- scale deep learning approach outperforms the state-of-the- art in contour
detection. 1. Introduction Contour detection is typically considered ...

Bothered by Abstractness or Engaged by Cohesion? Experts' Explanations Enhance Novices' Deep-Learning.
A Lachner, M Nückles - 2014
Abstract 1. Experts' explanations have been shown to better enhance novices' transfer as 
compared with advanced students' explanations. Based on research on expertise and text 
comprehension, we investigated whether the abstractness or the cohesion of experts' and ...

[PDF] Deep Learning for Answer Sentence Selection
L Yu, KM Hermann, P Blunsom, S Pulman - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.1632, 2014
Abstract: Answer sentence selection is the task of identifying sentences that contain the 
answer to a given question. This is an important problem in its own right as well as in the 
larger context of open domain question answering. We propose a novel approach to ...

[PDF] Memory Bounded Deep Convolutional Networks
MD Collins, P Kohli - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.1442, 2014
... large training datasets. Recent work has made significant strides in the tech- niques
used to train deep learning models, making it pos- sible to optimize objective functions
defined over million of parameters. These techniques ...

An automatic setting for training restricted boltzmann machine
CY Zhang, CL Chen - Systems, Man and Cybernetics (SMC), 2014 IEEE …, 2014
... ieee.org Abstract—Recently, deep learning techniques create much of a stir in
machine learning. Its ... algorithm design. Currently, most research in deep learning
focus on this two problems. However, efficient 4040 Page 5. and ...

Review of Advances in Neural Networks: Neural Design Technology Stack
S Woźniak, AD Almási, V Cristea, Y Leblebici… - Proceedings of ELM-2014 …, 2015
... Unsupervised ap- proaches include clustering and hidden Markov models (HMMs), and it has
proven to be useful when it comes to neural networks, especially when used in conjunction with
supervised learning, in the case of deep learning. ... 4.2 Learning Trends Deep Learning. ...

User modeling with limited data: Application to stakeholder-driven watershed design
S Mukhopadhyay, VB Singh, M Babbar-Sebens - Systems, Man and Cybernetics ( …, 2014
... computational approaches including the SWAT (Soil and Water Assessment Tool) hydrologic
model for watershed simulations, interactive genetic algorithms and reinforcement-based machine
learning algorithms for search and optimization, and deep learning artificial neural ...

[PDF] Deeply learned face representations are sparse, selective, and robust
Y Sun, X Wang, X Tang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.1265, 2014
... 2. Related work Only very recently, deep learning achieved great success on face recognition
[41, 31, 29, 28, 32] and significantly outperformed systems using low level features [18, 30,
11, 38, 14, 6, 1, 26, 7, 5]. There are two notable breakthroughs. ...

Signal Processing in Next-Generation Prosthetics [Special Reports]
J Edwards - Signal Processing Magazine, IEEE, 2015
... In this third in a series of Q&A inter- views for IEEE Signal Processing Maga- zine (SPM),
we talked to Li Deng, the principal researcher and research man- ager of the Deep
Learning Technology Center at Microsoft Research, and Vlad ...

[PDF] Detector Discovery in the Wild: Joint Multiple Instance and Representation Learning
J Hoffman, D Pathak, T Darrell, K Saenko - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.1135, 2014
... Finally, we eval- uate detection performance on the ∼ 10, 000 images in val2 across all
200 categories. We use open source deep learning framework, Caffe [21], for the
implementation, training and fine- tuning of our CNN architecture. 5.2. ...

Improving relation descriptor extraction with word embeddings and cluster features
T Liu, M Li - Systems, Man and Cybernetics (SMC), 2014 IEEE …, 2014
... is limited. Word embeddings via deep learning technology can reflect more syntactic and
semantic information of words. In ... datasets. Keywords—relation descriptor extraction; word
embeddings; word cluster; deep learning I. INTRODUCTION ...

[PDF] Deep Distributed Random Samplings for Supervised Learning: An Alternative to Random Forests?
XL Zhang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.1271, 2014
... Keywords: Bootstrap, deep learning, dimensionality reduction, ensemble methods, evo-
lutionary computing, kernel methods, sparse coding, random forests. 1. Introduction
Reducing the bias and variances is the core of machine learning. ...

A Deep and Stable Extreme Learning Approach for Classification and Regression
W Huang, F Sun - Proceedings of ELM-2014 Volume 1, 2015
... convergence; (3) prone to local optima [15]. Recent key find- ings on neocortex of
mammal brain such as [16] motivated the emergence of deep learning machine even
further. Many researchers have affiliated the fact that DBNs ...

Inquiry-Based Learning for Interprofessional Education
EFS Hannah, R Ingram, C Kerr, TB Kelly - Inquiry-Based Learning for the Arts, …, 2014
... Through this process they were experiencing the content and developing what Hutchings
(2006) refers to as deep learning. Implications ... Experiencing the educational topic while
learning about the topic can lead to deep learning. Trust the process. ...

[PDF] End-to-end Continuous Speech Recognition using Attention-based Recurrent NN: First Results
J Chorowski, D Bahdanau, K Cho, Y Bengio - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.1602, 2014
... References A Mohamed, Dahl, G., and Hinton, G. (2009). Deep belief networks for phone
recognition. In NIPS Workshop on Deep Learning for Speech Recognition and Related
Applications, Whistler, BC, Canada. 2 Bahdanau, D., Cho, K., and Bengio, Y. (2014). ...

[HTML] Environmentally robust ASR front-end for deep neural network acoustic models
T Yoshioka, MJF Gales - Computer Speech & Language, 2014
This paper examines the individual and combined impacts of various front-end approaches on
the performance of deep neural network (DNN) based speech recognition.

A First-Year Social Sciences Inquiry Course: The Interplay of Inquiry and Metacognition to Enhance Student Learning
CC Swanson, A Ahmad, I Radisevic - Inquiry-Based Learning for the Arts, Humanities, …, 2014
... Deep learning approaches emphasize understanding, questioning, and relating
knowledge to experiences. ... 7. Cox (1998) Cox, KCD (1998). The use of formative quizzes
for deep learning. Computers Education, 30(3–4), 157–167. ...

Inductive Bias for Semi-supervised Extreme Learning Machine
F Bisio, S Decherchi, P Gastaldo, R Zunino - Proceedings of ELM-2014 Volume 1, 2015
... 3. The procedure has similarities to that adopted in deep learning architectures [17]. ... PhD
Dissertation (1984) 17. Erhan, D., Bengio, Y., Courville, A., Manzagol, PA, Vincent, P., Bengio,
S.: Why Does Unsupervised Pre-training Help Deep Learning? ...

[PDF] Feature Learning Based Approach for Weed Classification Using High Resolution Aerial Images from a Digital Camera Mounted on a UAV
C Hung, Z Xu, S Sukkarieh - Remote Sensing, 2014
... standard to perform classification using colour, texture and shape features. The state-of-the-art
approach to generating representative features for image classification is via feature learning.
Feature learning is a type of deep learning [23,24,31,32] in which a set of trainable ...

Lessons from the Field: Using Inquiry-Based Learning for Study Abroad Programming
PE Sindt, JM Lucas - Inquiry-based Learning for Faculty and Institutional …, 2014
... For decades, international educators purported that education abroad provided these skills
for participants, yet recent research suggests that the same factors inhibiting deep learning
on campus can also affect global, experiential environments. ...

[HTML] Research topic: Neuromorphic Engineering Systems and Applications A snapshot of neuromorphic systems engineering
A Van Schaik, T Delbruck, J Hasler - Frontiers in Neuroscience, 2014
... and networks. Their system also uses a DVS, as well as an AEREAR2 binaural silicon
cochlea, to build a spike-based deep belief network (DBN) for recognizing MNIST digits
presented in conjunction with pure tones. They demonstrate ...

Review of Advances in Neural Networks: Neural Design Technology Stack
S Woźniak, AD Almási, V Cristea, Y Leblebici… - Proceedings of ELM-2014 …, 2015
... matrix H [18]. As an analytic method, it is orders of magnitude faster than an iterative
approach, eg for MNIST dataset after 7.5 minutes of training it outperforms Deep
Belief Network trained for 5.7 hours [18]. Other advantages ...

HYBRID PREDICTIVE MODEL FOR ENHANCING PROSODIC EXPRESSIVENESS
R Fernandez, A Rendel - US Patent 20,140,358,546, 2014
... replaced with an undirected, probabilistic, generative model. Such a structure, known
as a Deep Belief Network (DBN), is first trained in an unsupervised manner (ie, ignoring
the network targets). After the weights of this structure ...

HYBRID PREDICTIVE MODEL FOR ENHANCING PROSODIC EXPRESSIVENESS
R Fernandez, A Rendel - US Patent 20,140,358,547, 2014
... replaced with an undirected, probabilistic, generative model. Such a structure, known
as a Deep Belief Network (DBN), is first trained in an unsupervised manner (ie, ignoring
the network targets). After the weights of this structure ...

Shared features for multiple face-based biometrics
I Nwogu, Y Zhou - Systems, Man and Cybernetics (SMC), 2014 IEEE …, 2014
... 978-1-4799-3840-7/14/$31.00 ©2014 IEEE 417 Page 2. v : : h1 h2 layer 1 layer 2 Fig. 2. The
deep belief network (DBN) structure showing two-hidden-layers having tied weights W2 = W1T .
biometric tasks, the quality of face-based person authentication can be greatly improved. ...

[PDF] Multilabel Sound Event Classification with Neural Networks
E Cakir - 2014
... ZCR Zero-crossing Rate DFT Discrete Fourier Transform DCT Discrete Cosine Transform
LPC Linear Prediction Coding DBN Deep Belief Network ReLU Rectified Linear Unit FFNN
Feed-forward Neural Network Page 7. vi RBF Radial Basis Function ...

[PDF] Unsupervised feature learning on monaural DOA estimation using convolutional deep belief networks
Y Chen, M Zhu, N Epain, C Jin
... on monaural spectral cues. A convolutional deep belief network is applied to
monaural auditory spectrograms processed by a computational auditory model
to learning monaural features automatically. The learned features ...

[PDF] Wind Power Prediction and Pattern Feature Based on Deep Learning Method
Y Tao, H Chen, C Qiu
... In order to build the model, the hidden rules of wind power patterns is extracted by historical data
from wind farm based on deep belief network (DBN). ... Index Terms-- wind power prediction; deep
belief network; neural network; Boltzmann machine; pattern features ...

Review of Advances in Neural Networks: Neural Design Technology Stack
S law Wozniak, AD Almási, V Cristea, Y Leblebici… - Proceedings of ELM-2014 Volume
... matrix H [18]. As an analytic method, it is orders of magnitude faster than an iterative
approach, eg for MNIST dataset after 7.5 minutes of training it outperforms Deep
Belief Network trained for 5.7 hours [18]. Other advantages ...

[PDF] An Algorithm of Quantum Restricted Boltzmann Machine Network Based on Quantum Gates and Its Application
P Zhang, S Li, Y Zhou
... The proposed method can approach and possibly surpass the performance of existing
segmentation algorithms [9]. For now, there are two ways. One is that a RBM is trained
as an unsupervised neuron model for Deep Belief Network. ...

User modeling with limited data: Application to stakeholder-driven watershed design
S Mukhopadhyay, VB Singh, M Babbar-Sebens - Systems, Man and Cybernetics ( …, 2014
Abstract—We have developed a web-based, interactive, watershed planning system called 
WRESTORE (Watershed Restoration Using Spatio-Temporal Optimization of 
Resources)(http://wrestore. iupui. edu) that allows stake-holder communities to participate ...

[PDF] Analysis of Multilayer Neural Networks for Object Recognition
P Agrawal - 2014
Abstract In 2012 Krizhevsky et al. demonstrated that a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) 
trained on large amount of data as part of the ImageNet challenge significantly outperformed 
traditional computer vision approaches on image classification. Subsequently, Girshick et ...

Review of Advances in Neural Networks: Neural Design Technology Stack
S Woźniak, AD Almási, V Cristea, Y Leblebici… - Proceedings of ELM-2014 …, 2015
Abstract This review provides a high-level synthesis of significant recent advances in 
artificial neural network research. We assume that a global view of the field can benefit 
researchers by providing alternative viewpoints. Therefore, we present different network ...

Training Generalized Feedforword Kernelized Neural Networks on Very Large Datasets for Regression Using Minimal-Enclosing-Ball Approximation
J Wang, Z Deng, S Wang, Q Gao - Proceedings of ELM-2014 Volume 1, 2015
Abstract Training feedforward neural networks (FNNs) on very large datasets is one of the 
most critical issues in FNNs studies. In this work, the connection between FNNs and kernel 
methods is investigated and, HFSR-GCVM, a scalable learning method for GFKNN on ...

An automatic setting for training restricted boltzmann machine
CY Zhang, CL Chen - Systems, Man and Cybernetics (SMC), 2014 IEEE …, 2014
Abstract—Recently, deep learning techniques create much of a stir in machine learning. Its 
prominent performances can found in large number of applications in pattern recognition, 
such as image recognition, speech recognition and video processing. Most of the existing ...

A Deep and Stable Extreme Learning Approach for Classification and Regression
W Huang, F Sun - Proceedings of ELM-2014 Volume 1, 2015
Abstract The random-hidden-node based extreme learning machine (ELM) is a much more 
generalized cluster of single-hidden-layer feed-forward neural networks (SLFNs) whose 
hidden layer do not need to be adjusted, and tends to reach both the smallest training ...

[PDF] Feature Learning Based Approach for Weed Classification Using High Resolution Aerial Images from a Digital Camera Mounted on a UAV
C Hung, Z Xu, S Sukkarieh - Remote Sensing, 2014
Abstract: The development of low-cost unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) and light weight 
imaging sensors has resulted in significant interest in their use for remote sensing 
applications. While significant attention has been paid to the collection, calibration, ...

Shared features for multiple face-based biometrics
I Nwogu, Y Zhou - Systems, Man and Cybernetics (SMC), 2014 IEEE …, 2014
Abstract—People often make instant judgments about the age, health, mood, personality 
and character of others based on their facial features. It is not clear from a cognitive aspect 
whether these different traits require different sets of features or a shared feature set. Till ...

Modular deep Recurrent Neural Network: Application to quadrotors
N Mohajerin, SL Waslander - Systems, Man and Cybernetics (SMC), 2014 IEEE …, 2014
Abstract—A modular deep Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) is introduced to facilitate the 
process of deploying various architectures of RNNs, and to automatically compute 
derivatives for gradient-based learning methods. The modularity leads to a set of new ...

[PDF] 基于深度自编码网络的运动目标检测
徐培， 蔡小路， 何文伟， 谢易道 - 计算机应用, 2014
摘要: 针对从动态背景中提取前景效果较差的问题, 提出了一种基于深度自编码网络的运动目标
检测方法. 首先, 用一个三层的深度自编码网络从视频图像中提取不包含运动目标的背景图像, 
将背景图像作为变量构造了深度自编码网络的代价函数; 然后, 构造了一个分离函数得到了 ...

[PDF] Multilabel Sound Event Classification with Neural Networks
E Cakir - 2014
There are multiple sound events simultaneously occuring in a real-life audio recording 
collected eg at a busy street in rush hour. The events may include traffic noise, sound of rain, 
people talking etc. The humans are amazingly good at distinguishing these individual ...

Review of Advances in Neural Networks: Neural Design Technology Stack
S law Wozniak, AD Almási, V Cristea, Y Leblebici… - Proceedings of ELM-2014 Volume
Abstract. This review provides a high-level synthesis of significant recent advances in 
artificial neural network research. We assume that a global view of the field can benefit 
researchers by providing alternative viewpoints. Therefore, we present different network ...

[PDF] Unsupervised feature learning on monaural DOA estimation using convolutional deep belief networks
Y Chen, M Zhu, N Epain, C Jin
ABSTRACT In recent years, deep learning approaches have gained significant interest as a 
way of building hierarchical representations from unlabeled data. Additionally, in the field of 
sound direction-of-arrival (DOA) estimation, the binaural features like interaural time or ...

[PDF] Towards Interactive, Intelligent, and Integrated Multimedia Analytics
J Zahálka, M Worring
Abstract—The size and importance of visual multimedia collections grew rapidly over the 
last years, creating a need for sophisticated multimedia analytics systems enabling large-
scale, interactive, and insightful analysis. These systems need to integrate the human's ...

[PDF] Unsupervised generation of context-relevant training-sets for visual object recognition employing multilinguality
M Schoeler, F Wörgötter, J Papon, T Kulvicius
Abstract Image based object classification requires clean training data sets. Gathering such 
sets is usually done manually by humans, which is time-consuming and laborious. On the 
other hand, directly using images from search engines creates very noisy data due to ...

[PDF] An Algorithm of Quantum Restricted Boltzmann Machine Network Based on Quantum Gates and Its Application
P Zhang, S Li, Y Zhou
(1. Department 7st, Ordnance Engineering College, Shijiazhuang 050003, China)(2. Basic 
Courses Department, Ordnance Engineering College, Shijiazhuang 050003, China)( 
bcako@ 163. com, charlin1220@ gmail. com, 66567199@ qq. com) Abstract: We present ...

[PDF] Wind Power Prediction and Pattern Feature Based on Deep Learning Method
Y Tao, H Chen, C Qiu
Abstract—As a type of clean and renewable energy source, wind power is being widely 
used all around the world. However, owing to the uncertainty and instability of the wind 
power, it is essential to build an accurate prediction model for wind power. In order to build ...

[PDF] Deep Learning
Y Bengio, IJ Goodfellow, A Courville - 2014
2.1 Scalars, vectors, matrices and tensors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20 2.2 Multiplying matrices and 
vectors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22 2.3 Identity and inverse matrices . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
. . 24 2.4 Linear dependence, span, and rank . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25 2.5 Norms . . . . . . ...

[DOC] How digital technologies, blended learning and MOOCs will impact the future of Higher Education
NP Morris - Proceedings of eLearning 2014, 2014
... The answer, the xMOOC, where the focus is on tutor-generated content, a linear learning
experience and more structured opportunities for communication, appeals more to the masses,
but may not offer the best deep learning experience, due to lack of active and participatory ...

Transparent-supported radiance regression function
X Qin, S Xiao - Proceedings of the 13th ACM SIGGRAPH International …, 2014
... these attributes, we use GPGPU to get real time information. Second we use deep
learning to get the most important information from the sample data which can
decrease the overfitting. In order to get more details and make full ...

[PDF] IMPACT: SCIENCE CENTRES INFLUENCE LEARNING
PE Persson - 2014
... Results were most positive among primary school pupils. School students having intrinsic
motivation gained both better cognitive results and tended to apply deep-learning strategies in
the learning process. Gifted students seemed to get more motivated than others during ...

How do learners experience joint writing: University students' conceptions of online collaborative writing tasks and environments
L Limbu, L Markauskaite - Computers & Education, 2014
This paper presents a phenomenographic study investigating university students' conceptions
of Online Collaborative Writing (OCW) and of an effective learning.

Risk, Challenge and Adventure in the Early Years: A practical guide to exploring and extending learning outdoors
KS Solly - 2014

Support Vector-Based Algorithms with Weighted Dynamic Time Warping Kernel Function for Time Series Classification
YS Jeong, R Jayaramam - Knowledge-Based Systems, 2014
In this paper, we propose support vector-based supervised learning algorithms, called multiclass
support vector data description with weighted dynamic time warp.

[PDF] Implementing Professional Learning Communities in a High-Performing School District to Address Stagnating Student Performance
A Addley - 2014
... use new information instead of participating in training sessions where they hear about new
information (Bennis, 1997; Block, 2003; Elmore, 2003). Deep learning occurs most often when
individuals engage in direct, action-oriented experience (Mintzberg 2005). ...

[PDF] Independent Research and Deep Learning of Accounting Concepts: Students' View
F Ganda, CM Ambe
Abstract This article examines students 'the impactviewofindependenton research on 
students 'deep learningThearticleofthus drawsaccountingfrom co questionnaire 
administered on final year Bachelor of Accounting Science

[PDF] Learning Design with Team Based Learning In Mind
P Gagnon
... LAMS support for TBL tRAs? Page 46. • The LAMS sequence also supports deep learning (Dwyer
and al 1985-1998) – long associated with learning environments which enable ... Engestrom Savery
& Duffy Application Exercise Deep Learning iPad/iLKC/ iLAMS Page 49. ...

Geodesic Invariant Feature (GIF): A Local Descriptor in Depth
Y Liu, P Lasang, M Siegel, Q Sun
... efficiently. Comparisons with the state-of-the-art methods reveal the superiority of
the proposed method. Index Terms—Body parts recognition, pose recognition, depth
image, deep learning, and superpixel. I. INTRODUCTION ...

[PDF] The Integration & Interaction of Multiple Mathematical Reasoning Processes
PGM Ireland, G Grov, F McNeill, A Bundy, J Fleuriot…
... tightly coupled. Deep learning: TBC As well as sharing a common core, the themes
are com- plementary, eg data science has a strong security aspect while there exists
synergies between deep reasoning and data science. Part ...

[PDF] Promoting Professional Teaching Knowledge with Scaffolded Lesson Study
J Kohlmeier, J Saye, T McCormick, J Howell, C Jones…
Page 1. Scaffolded Lesson Study 1 Promoting Professional Teaching Knowledge with
Scaffolded Lesson Study Jada Kohlmeier John Saye Theresa McCormick James Howell Colby
Jones David Shannon Auburn University Tom Brush Indiana University ...

[DOC] Digital Storytelling as a Pedagogical Method to Promote the Development of Agency, Voice, and Technology Skills in Pre-service Teachers
FL Orlando
... American Psychologist. 44(9), 1175-1184. Barrett, H. (2005). Researching and evaluating
digital storytelling as a deep learning tool. The REFLECT Initiative. Retrieved on January 2,
2007, from http://helenbarrett.com/portfolios/SITEStorytelling2006.pdf. ...

[PDF] Incorporating professional skills into an undergraduate taxation curriculum: A practical approach
MT Hills, P du Toit
... 1278 proposed, specifically in relation to the pervasive competencies (Du Toit, 2009). Facilitating
learning is the most effective way of promoting deep learning, within a learning-centred teaching
approach (Du Toit, 2008; Slabbert et al, 2009). In this study, ...

[HTML] Solberg Søilen, Klaus
B Svensson, M Frestad Solér
diva-portal.org. vente ... ...

[PDF] Deep Learning
Y Bengio, IJ Goodfellow, A Courville - 2014
Page 1. Deep Learning Yoshua Bengio Ian J. Goodfellow Aaron Courville
December 5, 2014 Page 2. Table of Contents 1 Deep Learning for AI 2 1.1 Who
should read this book? . . . . 10 1.2 Machine Learning . . . . . ...

[PDF] IMAGE RECOGNITION USING CONVOLUTIONAL NEURAL NETWORKS
DY Amit - 2014
Page 1. i IMAGE RECOGNITION USING CONVOLUTIONAL NEURAL NETWORKS B.Tech Thesis
Submitted in partial fulfillment for the award of the Degree of Bachelor of Technology in Electrical
and Electronics Engineering By Datta Yudhajit Amit (Roll No. ...

[PDF] Actions and Attributes from Wholes and Parts
G Gkioxari, R Girshick, J Malik - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.2604, 2014
... Abstract We investigate the importance of parts for the tasks of action and attribute
classification. We develop a part-based approach by leveraging convolutional network
features in- spired by recent advances in computer vision. ...

[PDF] Hierarchical Tagging of Images CS 498A: Undergraduate Project
S Garg - 2014
... free parameters. Figure 6: CNN architecture Convolutional network also includes
pooling layers which combine the output of neuron clusters, giving the maximum
(max-pooling) or mean (subsampling) value. The pooling reduces ...

[PDF] Practice in Synonym Extraction at Large Scale
L Cao, C Wang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.2197, 2014
... Neural network has been recognized by its potentials in learning features instead of using hand-
craft features. We have seen a number of successful examples including unsupervised learning
(Coates et al., 2011) or supervised convolutional network (LeCun et al., 1998). ...

[PDF] Correlated activity supports efficient cortical processing
CP Hung, D Cui, Y Chen, C Lin, M Levine - Name: Frontiers in Computational …, 2014
Page 1. Correlated activity supports efficient cortical processing Chou Po Hung,
Ding Cui, Yueh-peng Chen, Chia-pei Lin and Matthew Levine Journal Name:
Frontiers in Computational Neuroscience ISSN: 1662-5188 Article ...

[PDF] Single image super-resolution via L0 image smoothing
Z Liu, Q Huang, J Li, Q Wang
... The Computer Journal, 52:80–89, 2007. [6] C. Dong, C. Loy, K. He, and X. Tang. Learning a
deep convolutional network for image super-resolution. ECCV, 2014. [7] G. Freedman and R.
Fattal. Image and video upscaling from local self-examples. ACM Trans. ...

[PDF] Riemannian Coding and Dictionary Learning: Kernels to the Rescue
M Harandi, M Salzmann
Page 1. Riemannian Coding and Dictionary Learning: Kernels to the Rescue Mehrtash Harandi
MEHRTASH.HARANDI@NICTA.COM.AU NICTA and Australian National University Canberra,
Australia Mathieu Salzmann MATHIEU.SALZMANN@NICTA.COM.AU ...

Automatic Speech Recognition: A Deep Learning Approach
D Yu, L Deng - 2014
... It presents insights and theoretical foundation of a series of recent models such as conditional
random field, semi-Markov and hidden conditional random field, deep neural network, deep
belief network, and deep stacking models for sequential learning. ...

[PDF] A Study of Deep Belief Network Based Chinese Speech Emotion Recognition
B Chen, Q Yin, P Guo
Abstract—This paper presents a deep learning method application to the extraction of 
emotions included in Chinese speech with a deep belief network (DBN) structure. Eight 
proper features such as pitch, mel frequency cepstrum coefficient (MFCC) are chosen from ...

[PDF] A Study of Deep Belief Network Based Chinese Speech Emotion Recognition
B Chen, Q Yin, P Guo
Abstract—This paper presents a deep learning method application to the extraction of 
emotions included in Chinese speech with a deep belief network (DBN) structure. Eight 
proper features such as pitch, mel frequency cepstrum coefficient (MFCC) are chosen from ...

[PDF] Prototype-Based Discriminative Feature Learning for Kinship Verification
H Yan, J Lu, X Zhou
Abstract—In this paper, we propose a new prototype-based discriminative feature learning 
(PDFL) method for kinship verification. Unlike most previous kinship verification methods 
which employ low-level hand-crafted descriptors such as local binary pattern and Gabor ...

Automatic Speech Recognition: A Deep Learning Approach
D Yu, L Deng - 2014
Abstract This book summarizes the recent advancement in the field of automatic speech 
recognition with a focus on discriminative and hierarchical models. This will be the first 
automatic speech recognition book to include a comprehensive coverage of recent ...

The effects of spatial organization and student generation during self-regulated, online learning with domain overviews
C Stevens - 2014
... This research examined the impact of the spatial organization of graphical search interfaces on
deep learning as well as the impact of focusing student attention on the conceptual relationships
between map nodes in this graphical search interface by asking them to generate ...

[PDF] Theano-based Large-Scale Visual Recognition with Multiple GPUs
W Ding, R Wang, F Mao, G Taylor - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.2302, 2014
... al., 2014) (ILSVRC 2012). With the increasing popularity of deep learning, many
open-source frameworks have emerged with the capa- bility to train deep ConvNets
on datasets with over 1M examples. These include Caffe (Ji ...

[PDF] MLitB: Machine Learning in the Browser
E Meeds, R Hendriks, S Faraby, M Bruntink, M Welling - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
... This higher standard is difficult and time-consuming to achieve, but fortunately this
approach is being adopted more and more often, in particular by the sub- discipline
Deep Learning. In the Deep Learning community, introductions ...

[PDF] IMPACT OF DEMOGRAPHIC ON BUSINESS STUDENTS'LEARNING APPROACHES
M Ahmad, A Waheed, M Shoaib, M Khan - European Journal of Business and Social …, 2014
... Results showed that gender has statistically significant relationship with deep learning
approach whereas no significant relationship with strategic and surface learning approaches. ...
Those two approaches are surface and deep learning approaches. ...

[PDF] Hierarchical Tagging of Images CS 498A: Undergraduate Project
S Garg - 2014
... Abstract Computer vision and deep learning algorithms have solved many problems
related to computer vision. ... in a single process. In this project, some deep learning
methods like autoencoder, convolutional neural network, etc. ...

[PDF] Visual Causal Feature Learning
K Chalupka, P Perona, F Eberhardt - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.2309, 2014
Page 1. VISUAL CAUSAL FEATURE LEARNING Visual Causal Feature Learning Krzysztof
Chalupka KJCHALUP@CALTECH.EDU Pietro Perona PERONA@CALTECH.EDU Computation
and Neural Systems California Institute of Technology Pasadena, CA 91125, USA ...

[PDF] Deep Neural Networks are Easily Fooled: High Confidence Predictions for Unrecognizable Images
A Nguyen, J Yosinski, J Clune - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.1897, 2014
... IEEE, 2009. 2 [9] D. Erhan, Y. Bengio, A. Courville, P.-A. Manzagol, P. Vin- cent, and S. Bengio.
Why does unsupervised pre-training help deep learning? The Journal of Machine Learning Re-
search, 11:625–660, 2010. 8 [10] D. Erhan, Y. Bengio, A. Courville, and P. Vincent. ...

[HTML] A Study of the Impact of Technology-Enhanced Learning on Student Academic Performance
S Chowdhry, K Sieler, L Alwis - Journal of Perspectives in Applied Academic Practice, 2014
A Study of the Impact of Technology-Enhanced Learning on Student Academic Performance.

[PDF] Sparse Representations, Numerical Linear Algebra, and Optimization
G Kutyniok, M Saunders, S Wright, O Yilmaz - 2014
... An enduring mystery in the current burst of activity in “big data” is the unreasonable
ef- fectiveness of deep learning (multilayer neural networks) in speech, vision, and
many other applications of machine learning. At least one ...

[PDF] Provable Methods for Training Neural Networks with Sparse Connectivity
H Sedghi, A Anandkumar - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.2693, 2014
... 1 Introduction The paradigm of deep learning has revolutionized our ability to perform challenging
classification tasks in a variety of domains such as computer vision and speech. However, so far,
a complete theo- retical understanding of deep learning is lacking. ...

[PDF] Matrix and Tensor Features for Discriminative Learning
M Janzamin, H Sedghi, A Anandkumar - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.2863, 2014
... Instead, the recent trend has been to automatically learn good features through various
frameworks such as deep learning (Bengio et al., 2013), sparse coding (Raina et al., 2007),
independent component analysis (ICA) (Le et al., 2011), Fisher kernels (Jaakkola et al., 1999 ...

[HTML] Bridging the gap between CBME in theory and practice: the role of a teacher community
A Gercama, T van Lankveld, J Kleinveld, G Croiset… - Perspectives on Medical …, 2014
... geared to the acquisition of 'new' knowledge (through a surface learning approach) rather than
a more intrinsically motivated strategy which would integrate the new knowledge in the already
existing knowledge in order to solve clinical problems (deep learning approach) [2 ...

[PDF] Practice in Synonym Extraction at Large Scale
L Cao, C Wang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.2197, 2014
... Ferrucci, David A. Introduction to ”this is watson”. IBM Journal of Research and Development,
56 (3):1, 2012. Glorot, Xavier, Bordes, Antoine, and Bengio, Yoshua. Domain adaptation for
large-scale sentiment classification: A deep learning approach. ICML, 2011. ...

[PDF] Unsupervised Induction of Semantic Roles within a Reconstruction-Error Minimization Framework
I Titov, E Khoddam - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.2812, 2014
... see Figure 1(a)). Parameters of the encoding and reconstruction components are chosen so
as to minimize some form of the reconstruction error, for example, the Euclidean distance ∆(x,
˜x) = ||x − ˜x||2. Though currently popular only within the deep learning community, latent ...

[PDF] Reading Text in the Wild with Convolutional Neural Networks
M Jaderberg, K Simonyan, A Vedaldi, A Zisserman - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.1842, 2014
... By creating training datasets many orders of magnitude larger than what has been available
before, we are able to use data-hungry deep learning al- gorithms to train a richer,
whole-word-based model. Page 9. Reading Text in the Wild with Convolutional Neural Networks ...

[PDF] Meta-techniques for a social awareness learning game
JM Linssen, M Theune - 2014
... play. In this paper, we show how evaluation and feedback can be integrated in LOITER
in a semi-seamless way, but still so that it stimulates „deep‟ learning through reflection.
Page 3. 3. Meta-techniques in live action role play ...

[PDF] Learning Word Representations from Relational Graphs
D Bollegala, T Maehara, Y Yoshida, K Kawarabayashi - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
Page 1. Learning Word Representations from Relational Graphs DanushkaBollegala
TakanoriMaehara YuichiYoshida Ken-ichiKawarabayashi The University of Liverpool,
Liverpool, L69 3BX, United Kingdom. National Institute ...

Multiple Data Inspection of Hard Spots and Cracking
A Belanger, T Barker - 2014 10th International Pipeline Conference, 2014
... Future work will involve using machine learning algorithms (eg vector support machines, neural
networks, random forest, deep learning, etc.) to combine all of the data acquired by an MDS tool
along with high resolution data from NDE surveys. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS ...

[PDF] The Way into the Profession: Medical Students' Experiences During Their Clerkship
R Korte, H Han, NK Roberts - 2014
... always clear or aligned with the objectives of developmental learning. Educating aspiring
professionals for professional behaviors and technical competence is different from education
that develops deep learning, professional values, and identity. Practice Theory ...

A neuromorphic categorization system with Online Sequential Extreme Learning
R Ding, B Zhao, S Chen - Biomedical Circuits and Systems Conference (BioCAS) …, 2014
... Abstract—This paper presents an event-driven categorization system which processes the address
events from a Dynamic Vision Sensor. Using neuromorphic processing, cortex-like spike-based
features are extracted by an event-driven MAX-like convolutional network. ...

Real-time object recognition and orientation estimation using an event-based camera and CNN
R Ghosh, A Mishra, G Orchard, NV Thakor - Biomedical Circuits and Systems …, 2014
... can provide good generalization for insufficient datasets or datasets having less intra-class
variance, and having a large number of objects will require doing so. The training process
takes around 4 hours for the 9-class convolutional network. ...

[PDF] Real-Time Grasp Detection Using Convolutional Neural Networks
J Redmon, A Angelova - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.3128, 2014
... We harness the extensive capacity of a large convolutional network to make global grasp
predictions on the full image of an object. ... We derive our model from a ver- sion of the widely
adopted convolutional network proposed by Krizhevsky et al. ...

[PDF] Restricted Boltzmann Machines with SVM for Object Recognition⋆
C XIE, Y DU, Z GAO - Journal of Computational Information Systems, 2014
... [1] GE Hinton, RR Salakhutdinov, Reducing the dimensionality of data with neural networks,
Science, vol. 313 (5786), pp. 504-507, 2006. [2] Yi Sun, Xiaogang Wang, Xiaoou Tang, Deep
Convolutional Network Cascade for Facial Point Detection, CVPR 2013: 3476-3483. ...

[PDF] A BIOLOGICALLY INSPIRED HUMAN POSTURE RECOGNITION SYSTEM
Z BO - 2014
... 50 3.3.1 Proposed MAX-like Convolutional Network For Line Extraction . 51 3.3.2 Simulation
Results . . . . . ... 47 3.2 Temporal difference image sensor adopted in the proposed system . . . 49
3.3 MAX-like convolutional network for edge feature extraction . . . . . 51 ...

INTEGRATING STROKE-DISTRIBUTION INFORMATION INTO SPATIAL FEATURE EXTRACTION FOR AUTOMATIC HANDWRITING RECOGNITION
RS Dixon, JG Dolfing, U Meier, JR Bellegarda - US Patent 20,140,363,082, 2014
Login Sign up. ...

MANAGING REAL-TIME HANDWRITING RECOGNITION
M Xia, JG Dolfing, RS Dixon, KM Groethe, K Misra… - US Patent 20,140,365,949, 2014
Login Sign up. ...

MANAGING REAL-TIME HANDWRITING RECOGNITION
M Xia, JG Dolfing, RS Dixon, KM Groethe, K Misra… - US Patent 20,140,363,083, 2014
Login Sign up. ...

REAL-TIME STROKE-ORDER AND STROKE-DIRECTION INDEPENDENT HANDWRITING RECOGNITION
JG Dolfing, JR Bellegarda, U Meier, R Dixon - US Patent 20,140,361,983, 2014
Login Sign up. ...

MULTI-SCRIPT HANDWRITING RECOGNITION USING A UNIVERSAL RECOGNIZER
JGA Dolfing, KM Groethe, RS Dixon, JR Bellegarda - US Patent 20,140,363,074, 2014
Login Sign up. ...

An Adaptive Stacked Denoising Auto-Encoder Architecture for Human Action Recognition
DX Wu, W Pan, LD Xie, CX Huang - Applied Mechanics and Materials, 2014
Abstract In this paper, a stacked denoising auto-encoder architecture method with adaptive 
learning rate for action recognition based on skeleton features of human is presented. Firstly 
a Kinect is used for capturing the skeleton images and extracting skeleton features. Then ...

Modeling the evolution of complex genetic systems: The gene network family tree
JL Fierst, PC Phillips - Journal of Experimental Zoology Part B: Molecular and …, 2015
ABSTRACT In 1994 and 1996, Andreas Wagner introduced a novel model in two papers 
addressing the evolution of genetic regulatory networks. This work, and a suite of papers 
that followed using similar models, helped integrate network thinking into biology and ...

[PDF] Quantum Deep Learning
N Wiebe, A Kapoor, KM Svore - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.3489, 2014
Abstract: In recent years, deep learning has had a profound impact on machine learning and 
artificial intelligence. Here we investigate if quantum algorithms for deep learning lead to an 
advantage over existing classical deep learning algorithms. We develop two quantum ...

[PDF] Online Bandit Learning for a Special Class of Non-convex Losses
L Zhang, T Yang, R Jin, ZH Zhou - 2015
Abstract In online bandit learning, the learner aims to minimize a sequence of losses, while 
only observing the value of each loss at a single point. Although various algorithms and 
theories have been developed for online bandit learning, most of them are limited to ...

[PDF] Sequential Labeling with online Deep Learning
G Chen - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.3397, 2014
Abstract: Deep learning has attracted great attention recently and yielded the state of the art 
performance in dimension reduction and classification problems. However, it cannot 
effectively handle the structured output prediction, eg sequential labeling. In this paper, we ...

[PDF] Can Congestion in Data Center Networks Be Predicted By Of Time Of Day?
D Meyer - 2014
Abstract The recent explosive growth in data center structure, function and scale has brought 
a myriad of new challenges to network operators, including virtualization, development of 
new services, and the general scaling of data center capacity. These challenges share a ...

[PDF] Simulating a perceptron on a quantum computer
M Schuld, I Sinayskiy, F Petruccione - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.3635, 2014
Abstract: Perceptrons are the basic computational unit of artificial neural networks, as they 
model the activation mechanism of an output neuron due to incoming signals from its 
neighbours. As linear classifiers, they play an important role in the foundations of machine ...

[HTML] Unsupervised Feature Pre-training of the Scattering Wavelet Transform for Musical Genre Recognition
M Kleć, D Koržinek - Procedia Technology, 2014
Abstract This paper examines the utilization of Sparse Autoencoders (SAE) in the process of 
music genre recognition. We used Scattering Wavelet Transform (SWT) as an initial signal 
representation. The SWT uses a sequence of Wavelet Transforms to compute the ...

Integrative Data Analysis of Multi-platform Cancer Data with a Multimodal Deep Learning Approach
M Liang, Z Li, T Chen, J Zeng
Abstract—Identification of cancer subtypes plays an important role in revealing useful 
insights into disease pathogenesis and advancing personalized therapy. The recent 
development of high-throughput sequencing technologies has enabled the rapid ...

[PDF] Multimodal Transfer Deep Learning for Audio Visual Recognition
S Moon, S Kim, H Wang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.3121, 2014
... 4.2 THE NETWORKS We consider two different networks, Multilayer Perceptron and Deep Belief
Network for building NA and NV for audio and video data, respectively. ... Deep Belief Network
(DBN) As a more complex alternative, we construct a Deep Belief Network (Hinton et al. ...

[PDF] Sequential Labeling with online Deep Learning
G Chen - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.3397, 2014
... (3) is from the deep belief network (DBN) for classification in [13]. In our deep model, the weights
from the layers 1 to L − 1 are Wl respectively, for l = {1, .., L−1}, and the top layer L has weight
W. We first pre-train the L-layer deep structure with RBMs layer by layer greedily. ...

Audio-based annnotatoion of video
E Coviello, G Lanckriet - US Patent 20,140,363,138, 2014
... the one or more supervised learning models may include: a Gaussian mixture model, a dynamic
texture mixture model, and/or a support vector machine (SVM), a Dirichlet mixture model, a hidden
Markov mixture model, an artificial neural network, a deep belief network, a naive ...

[PDF] A Biological-Realtime Neuromorphic System in 28 nm CMOS using Low-Leakage Switched Capacitor Circuits
C Mayr, J Partzsch, M Noack, S Hänzsche, S Scholze… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
Page 1. arXiv:1412.3233v1 [cs.ET] 10 Dec 2014 1 A Biological-Realtime Neuromorphic
System in 28 nm CMOS using Low-Leakage Switched Capacitor Circuits Christian Mayr1,
Johannes Partzsch2, Marko Noack2 Stefan Hänzsche2 ...

Error Modeling Approach to Improve Time Series Forecasters
PRA Firmino, PSG de Mattos Neto, TAE Ferreira - Neurocomputing, 2014
In time series forecasting exercises it has been usual to suppose that the error series
generated by the forecasters have a white noise behavior. However, it is.

Integrative Data Analysis of Multi-platform Cancer Data with a Multimodal Deep Learning Approach
M Liang, Z Li, T Chen, J Zeng
... In this paper, we propose a generative model based on a multimodal deep belief network
(DBN) framework [7], [8], to capture both intra-modality and cross- modality relationships and
identify cancer subtypes from multi-platform genomic and clinical data. ...

[PDF] Quantum Deep Learning
N Wiebe, A Kapoor, KM Svore - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.3489, 2014
Abstract: In recent years, deep learning has had a profound impact on machine learning and 
artificial intelligence. Here we investigate if quantum algorithms for deep learning lead to an 
advantage over existing classical deep learning algorithms. We develop two quantum ...

[PDF] Multimodal Transfer Deep Learning for Audio Visual Recognition
S Moon, S Kim, H Wang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.3121, 2014
Abstract: We propose a multimodal deep learning framework that can transfer the 
knowledge obtained from a single-modal neural network to a network with a different 
modality. For instance, we show that we can leverage the speech data to fine-tune the ...

[PDF] Sequential Labeling with online Deep Learning
G Chen - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.3397, 2014
Abstract: Deep learning has attracted great attention recently and yielded the state of the art 
performance in dimension reduction and classification problems. However, it cannot 
effectively handle the structured output prediction, eg sequential labeling. In this paper, we ...

Demographic Factors, Personality, and Ability as Predictors of Learning Approaches
Q Xie, L Zhang - The Asia-Pacific Education Researcher, 2014
... and structural equation modeling indicated that male students were more likely to be deep learners
than female students; relative to Year-one students, Year-three students were more likely to use
the surface learning approach and less likely to use the deep learning approach. ...

[PDF] Teaching Deep Convolutional Neural Networks to Play Go
C Clark, A Storkey - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.3409, 2014
... has immediate applications to computer Go. In this section we provide a brief overview
of Go, previous work, and the motivation for our deep learning based approach. 1.1.
The Game of Go Figure 1. Example of capturing pieces in Go. ...

An Anarchy of Methods: Current Trends in How Intelligence Is Abstracted in AI
J Lehman, J Clune, S Risi - Intelligent Systems, IEEE, 2014
... Key Ideas Discussed One controversial topic was deep learning, which has recently shattered
many performance records over an impressive spectrum of machine learning tasks.1,2 The central
idea behind deep learning is that large hierarchical artificial neural networks (ANNs ...

Understanding the causal path between action, learning, and solutions: maximizing the power of action learning to achieve great results
HS Leonard - Action Learning: Research and Practice, 2014
... View all references). At about the same time period in China, Confucius noted that deep
learning was more than simply remembering facts or how to do things ('To learn without thinking,
one will be lost in his learning'; Confucius 20144. Confucius. 2014. ...

Machine Learning for Medical Applications
H Zhou, J Tang, H Zheng - The Scientific World Journal, 2014
... S. Jirayucharoensak et al. in “EEG-based emotion recognition using deep learning network with
principal component based covariate shift adaptation” proposed the utilization of a deep learning
network (DLN) to discover unknown feature correlation between input signals. ...

Modeling the evolution of complex genetic systems: The gene network family tree
JL Fierst, PC Phillips - Journal of Experimental Zoology Part B: Molecular and …, 2015
... patterns. Restricted Boltzmann Machines and Deep Learning. The Boltzmann ...
complex associations. For example, RBMs have been developed into Deep Learning
networks by increasing the number of hidden layers. These ...

[PDF] Feature Weight Tuning for Recursive Neural Networks
J Li - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.3714, 2014
... representation could be very trivial. Such problem, which could also be referred
to as gradient vanishing [9]. is not specific for recursive models, but for most deep
learning architectures. When we compare neural models with ...

[PDF] Deep Domain Confusion: Maximizing for Domain Invariance
E Tzeng, J Hoffman, N Zhang, K Saenko, T Darrell - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.3474, 2014
... Multimodal deep learning architectures have also been explored to learn representations that
are invariant to dif- ferent input modalities [27]. ... 2 [8] S. Chopra, S. Balakrishnan, and R. Gopalan.
DLID: Deep learning for domain adaptation by interpolating between do- mains. ...

[PDF] Restricted Boltzmann Machines with SVM for Object Recognition⋆
C XIE, Y DU, Z GAO - Journal of Computational Information Systems, 2014
... In 2006, Hinton made a breakthrough in dimension reduction by RBM which is one of the most
powerful tools in deep learning [1]. Deep learning is quickly becoming one of the most
sought-after fields, which aim is to simulate the behavior of human brain analysis by a new ...

[PDF] Object Recognition Using Deep Neural Networks: A Survey
S Goyal, P Benjamin - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.3684, 2014
Page 1. 1 Object Recognition Using Deep Neural Networks: A Survey Soren Goyal, IIT Kanpur
Paul Benjamin, Pace University Recognition of objects using Deep Neural Networks is an active
area of research and many breakthroughs have been made in the last few years. ...

[PDF] Empirical Evaluation of Gated Recurrent Neural Networks on Sequence Modeling
J Chung, C Gulcehre, KH Cho, Y Bengio - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.3555, 2014
... F. Bastien, P. Lamblin, R. Pascanu, J. Bergstra, IJ Goodfellow, A. Bergeron, N. Bouchard, and
Y. Bengio. Theano: new features and speed improvements. Deep Learning and Unsupervised
Feature Learning NIPS 2012 Workshop, 2012. Y. Bengio, P. Simard, and P. Frasconi. ...

[PDF] Can Congestion in Data Center Networks Be Predicted By Of Time Of Day?
D Meyer - 2014
... 3 Methodology In this section we introduce our basic methodology which is based on a
deep-learning based prediction model. ... Stacked Autoencoders (SAEs) are, as the name implies,
a stack of single-level autoencoders; hence the SAE is a deep learning model [17]. ...

[PDF] Score Function Features for Discriminative Learning: Matrix and Tensor Framework
M Janzamin, H Sedghi, A Anandkumar - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.2863, 2014
... Instead, the recent trend has been to automatically learn good features through various
frameworks such as deep learning (Bengio et al., 2013), sparse coding (Raina et al., 2007),
independent component analysis (ICA) (Le et al., 2011), Fisher kernels (Jaakkola et al., 1999 ...

[PDF] Online Bandit Learning for a Special Class of Non-convex Losses
L Zhang, T Yang, R Jin, ZH Zhou - 2015
... Similarly, for multi-label learning, no convex loss is consis- tent with the popular ranking
loss (Gao and Zhou 2011). The success of deep learning also indicates the significance
of using non-convex losses (Hinton, Osindero, and Teh 2006). ...

[HTML] Unsupervised Feature Pre-training of the Scattering Wavelet Transform for Musical Genre Recognition
M Kleć, D Koržinek - Procedia Technology, 2014
... The results are compared with those obtained with training neural network in a standard way
(with random weights initialization). Keywords. musical genre recognition; deep learning;
scattering wavelet transform; autoencoders; neural networks. References. ...

Neurophysics-inspired parallel architecture with resistive crosspoint array for dictionary learning
D Kadetotad, Z Xu, A Mohanty, PY Chen, B Lin, J Ye… - Biomedical Circuits and …, 2014
... This learning rule is known as spike-timing-dependent-plasticity (STDP) [1][2] (Fig. 1(a)).
Motivated by neurophysics, sparse coding was successfully developed to pave the way for deep
learning with big data [3][4]. It aims to minimize the objective function ∑ ...

Profiling information behaviour of nursing students: Part 2: derivation of profiles
P Stokes, C Urquhart - Journal of Documentation, 2014
Page 1. Purpose The aim is to develop information behaviour profiles for nursing
students, to help inform information literacy programmes. Methodology The methods
include further analysis of quantitative findings (previously ...

[PDF] Supplementary Material: On the Number of Linear Regions of Deep Neural Networks
G Montúfar, R Pascanu, K Cho, Y Bengio
... A convolutional network is a network whose units take values in a space of features
(real valued arrays) and whose edges pass features by convolution with filters (real
valued arrays). Since convolution is a linear map, the preactivation ...

[DOC] Augmenting the Educational Process Using a Prototype Bio-Feedback Device for Anxiety Awareness
H Apostolidis, P Stylianidis, T Tsiatsos - Karagiannidis Ch. Research on e-Learning …, 2014
... The recent interest in the link between emotions and learning is based on the assumption that
deep learning is not entirely limited to cognition, discourse, action, and the environment because
emotions or affective states are inextricably bound to the learning process (Lepper ...

Are your users actively involved? A cognitive absorption perspective in mobile training
I Reychav, D Wu - Computers in Human Behavior, 2015
However, how to engage users in deep learning in a mobile environment remains a. ...
However, how to engage users in deep learning in a mobile environment remains a
challenge, especially in critical training areas such as road safety training. ...

Content analysis of West African senior school certificate chemistry examination questions according to cognitive complexity
AE Okanlawon, YF Adeoti - IFE PsychologIA: An International Journal, 2014
... This is because basic knowledge of facts or data is a prerequisite for deep learning
which require students to operate at any of the three higher cognitive levels (analyse,
evaluate, create). Deep learning involves the critical analysis ...

[PDF] SoF: Soft-Cluster Matrix Factorization for Probabilistic Clustering
H Zhao, P Poupart, Y Zhang, M Lysy - 2015
... 2011; Jain 2010; Aggarwal and Reddy 2013) because the proba- bilistic nature of the clusters
facilitates their integration into several tasks including latent semantic indexing (Ding, Li, and
Peng 2008), probabilistic pre-training in deep learning techniques (Erhan et al. ...

[PDF] Preparing for a Renaissance in Assessment
P Hill, M Barber - 2014
... 2. The curriculum Curricula that emphasise memorisation of unrelated facts and breadth at the
expense of depth • A greater emphasis on deep learning of big ideas and organising principles •
More explicit and systematic attention to cross- curricular skills, capabilities ...

[PDF] The challenge of supporting literacy in a digital age: perspectives of Irish primary school teachers
D McCarthy, B Murphy - Irish Teachers' Journal, 2014
... Attempts have been made to change the pedagogical approaches to the teaching of literacy from
top-down teacher led lessons to lessons with a clear emphasis on cultural identity, learning by
doing and collaboration to enhance deep learning (Street and Efstein, 2007; Gee ...

7 Perturb-and-MAP Random Fields: Reducing Random Sampling to Optimization, with Applications in Computer Vision
G Papandreou, A Yuille - Advanced Structured Prediction, 2014

[PDF] Curriculum politics and practice: from 'implementation'to 'agency'
A Looney - Irish Teachers' Journal, 2014
... Attempts have been made to change the pedagogical approaches to the teaching of literacy from
top-down teacher led lessons to lessons with a clear emphasis on cultural identity, learning by
doing and collaboration to enhance deep learning (Street and Efstein, 2007; Gee ...

The Teaching Brain: An Evolutionary Trait at the Heart of Education
V Rodriguez, M Fitzpatrick - 2014

[PDF] Multi-Task Deep Networks for Drug Target Prediction
T Unterthiner, A Mayr, G Klambauer, M Steijaert…
... The Merck Kaggle challenge on chemical compound activity was won by Hin- ton's
group with deep networks. This indicates the high potential of deep learning in drug
design and attracted the attention of big pharma. However ...

[PDF] Supplementary Material: Attacking the saddle point problem in high-dimensional non-convex optimization
YN Dauphin, R Pascanu, C Gulcehre, K Cho…
... In International Conference on Learning Representations. Sutskever, I., Martens, J., Dahl, GE, and
Hinton, GE (2013). On the importance of initialization and momentum in deep learning. ... Vinyals,
O. and Povey, D. (2012). Krylov Subspace Descent for Deep Learning. ...

[PDF] Five Elements of Information Inquiry
D Callison, K Baker
... Assimilation Accepting, Incorporating, Rejecting Gather Gather important information Go
broad Go deep Guide students in structured approach for managing their search: locating,
evaluating, and using information that leads to deep learning ...

[PDF] Motivation, Expectations and Successive Practice
A Riabova - CHANGING LEARNING ENVIRONMENT
... I started to wonder if I was, in fact, more of an entertainer than a language teacher. I started thinking
on the questions. For example: 1. How can we stop “covering material” and start focusing on the
potential for deep learning? 2. Are your learners capable of more? ...

[PDF] An Experiment on How Adult Students Can Learn by Designing Engaging Learning Games
CL Weitze - Meaningful PlayMeaningful Play Conference 2014
... on how to create a motivating gamified learning design, one that facilitates a deep learning
process for adult students making their own learning games. ... because of their promise to motivate
students and provide them with deep learning experiences. Part ...

[PDF] Mind the Gap: Subspace based Hierarchical Domain Adaptation
A Raj, VP Namboodiri, T Tuytelaars
... 857-860. IEEE, 2010. [7] Glorot, Xavier, Antoine Bordes, and Yoshua Bengio. ”Domain adaptation
for large-scale senti- ment classification: A deep learning approach.” In Proceedings of the 28th
International Con- ference on Machine Learning (ICML-11), pp. 513-520. 2011. ...

[PDF] Factor-based Compositional Embedding Models
M Yu, MR Gormley, M Dredze
... (1), except that we treat the word embeddings ewi as parameters. As in the deep learning literature,
we initialize these embeddings from a neural language model [3] and then fine-tune them for our
supervised task. ... Deep learning for efficient discriminative parsing. ...

[PDF] Learning Character Representations for Chinese Word Segmentation
X Liu, K Duh, Y Matsumoto, T Iwakura
... [15] X. Zheng, H. Chen, and T. Xu. Deep learning for Chinese word segmentation and POS
tagging. In Proceedings of the 2013 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language
Processing, pages 647–657, Seattle, Washington, USA, October 2013. ...

[PDF] An Information Theoretic Approach to Quantifying Text Interestingness
K Rohanimanesh
... of the SVM classifier using our proposed mixture topic distribution as features and compares
it to two different baselines, namely, SVM using Latent Semantic Indexing (LSI) features (by
forming a document-term matrix and performing SVD), and a deep learning approach using ...

A Culturally Proficient Response to the Common Core: Ensuring Equity Through Professional Learning
DB Lindsey

[PDF] Exploring Student Persistence in STEM Programs: A Motivational Model
RA Simon, MW Aulls, H Dedic, K Hubbard, NC Hall
... More specifically, mastery-approach goals have been linked to higher intrinsic motivation and
enjoyment, positive affect, engagement, deep learning, and persistence (for a review see Senko
et al., 2011), with performance-approach goals showing mixed results in predicting ...

[PDF] Sparse, guided feature connections in an Abstract Deep Network
A Knittel, A Blair - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.4967, 2014
Page 1. arXiv:1412.4967v1 [cs.NE] 16 Dec 2014 SPARSE, GUIDED FEATURE
CONNECTIONS Sparse, guided feature connections in an Abstract Deep Network Anthony
Knittel A.KNITTEL@UNSW.EDU.AU University of New South Wales Alan Blair ...

[PDF] Highly Efficient Forward and Backward Propagation of Convolutional Neural Networks for Pixelwise Classification
H Li, R Zhao, X Wang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.4526, 2014
... The non-linearity layer is a point-wise non-linear func- tion applied to each entry of feature
maps. After extracting features with a multilayer convolutional network, fully connected
layers with a final classifier are added to output class predictions. ...

[PDF] LEARNING DEEP VISUAL REPRESENTATIONS
ADERV PROFONDES
... 32 2.12 Deep encoder-decoder network . . . . . 32 2.13 Deep auto-encoder network . . . . . 33 2.14
Convolutional network . . . . . 34 2.15 Pipeline of the bag-of-words model . . . . . 36 ...

Combining Newton interpolation and deep learning for image classification
Y Zhang, C Shang - Electronics Letters, 2014
A novel approach for image classification, by integrating deep learning and feature 
interpolation, supported with advanced learning classification techniques, is presented. The 
recently introduced deep spatiotemporal inference network (DeSTIN) is employed to carry ...

Frequent Participation in Service Learning: Examining Institutional Differences and Individual Benefits
DA Bureau, JS Cole, AC McCormick - New Directions for Institutional Research, 2014
... At the student level, we compare students who did and did not participate in service
learning. We examine differences between these groups in (a) reported use of deep
learning activities in courses and (b) self-reported gains during college. ...

[PDF] Random Forests Can Hash
Q Qiu, G Sapiro, A Bronstein - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.5083, 2014
... We introduce a random forest semantic hash- ing scheme with information-theoretic code
aggregation, showing for the first time how random forest, a technique that together with deep
learning have shown spec- tacular results in classification, can also be extended to large ...

Adapting Linguistic Tools for the Analysis of Italian Medical Records
G Attardi, V Cozza, D Sartiano - The First Italian Conference on Computational …, 2014
... resources. Our approach to information extraction ex- ploits both supervised
machine-learning tools, which require annotated training corpora, and unsupervised
deep learning techniques, in order to leverage unlabeled data. ...

[PDF] Translating Videos to Natural Language Using Deep Recurrent Neural Networks
S Venugopalan, H Xu, J Donahue, M Rohrbach… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
... Abstract Solving the visual symbol grounding prob- lem has long been a goal of artificial intel-
ligence. The field appears to be advancing closer to this goal with recent breakthroughs in
deep learning for natural language ground- ing in static images. ...

[PDF] Neural-Symbolic Learning and Reasoning: Contributions and Challenges
AA Garcez, TR Besold, L de Raedt, P Földiak, P Hitzler… - 2014
... It is exact- ly in this niche that the area of neural symbolic learning and reasoning has
been active for over two decades and has contributed many relevant representations
and reasoning techniques that are very relevant to deep learning. ...

[PDF] Momentum Effects on Back-Propagation Learning in a Multi-Layer Feed-Forward Neural Network
E Etter, E Paulson - 2014
... The findings of this paper offer further insight into deep learning techniques in multi-layer artificial
neural networks. ... “On the importance of initialization and momentum in deep learning.” Proceedings
of the 30th International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML-13). 2013. ...

No-reference image quality assessment with shearlet transform and deep neural Networks
Y Li, LM Po, X Xu, L Feng, F Yuan, CH Cheung… - Neurocomputing, 2014
Nowadays, Deep Neural Networks have been applied to many applications (such as classification,
denoising and inpainting) and achieved impressive performance. Ho.

Deep Correspondence Restricted Boltzmann Machine for Cross-modal Retrieval
F Feng, R Li, X Wang - Neurocomputing, 2014
... As a kind of building block in deep learning, RBM has already achieved success in many
fields [11], [12] and [13]. ... For the following previous RBM based multi-modal deep learning
models [20], [21] and [10], we use the CD algorithm to learn the RBM. ...

[PDF] Sparse, guided feature connections in an Abstract Deep Network
A Knittel, A Blair - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.4967, 2014
... Keywords: learning classifier systems, deep learning, evolutionary algorithms, neural networks
1. Introduction A goal of an artificial learner is to discover a model of its environment, that captures
essential properties for its goals, and allows prediction of unseen attributes. ...

[PDF] Deep neural network adaptation for children's and adults' speech recognition
R Serizel, D Giuliani, FBK FBK - Proc. of the First Italian Computational Linguistics …, 2014
... In Proc. of IEEE ICASSP, Seattle,WA, May. Dumitru Erhan, Yoshua Bengio, Aaron Courville,
Pierre-Antoine Manzagol, Pascal Vincent, and Samy Bengio. 2010. Why does unsupervised
pre-training help deep learning? The Journal of Machine Learn- ing Research, 11:625–660. ...

[PDF] Combining the Best of Graphical Models and ConvNets for Semantic Segmentation
M Cogswell, X Lin, S Purushwalkam, D Batra - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.4313, 2014
... strengths of graphical models (modeling dependencies) and deep learning (learning rich features)
for a range of applica- tions. ... As Fig. 1 suggests, our work relates to two themes – deep learning
and proposal-based vision pipelines. Convolutional Neural Networks. ...

[PDF] Towards Deep Neural Network Architectures Robust to Adversarial Examples
S Gu, L Rigazio - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.5068, 2014
... Accepted at the NIPS, Deep Learning and Representation Learning Workshop, Montreal,
Canada, 2014. 1 Page 2. A main result from Szegedy et al. ... Tang, Y. (2013). Deep learning
using support vector machines. arXiv preprint arXiv:1306.0239. ...

[PDF] Large Materials Cartography: Representing and Mining Material Space Using Structural and Electronic Fingerprints
O Isayev, D Fourches, EN Muratov, C Oses, K Rasch… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
Page 1. Materials Cartography: Representing and Mining Material Space Using
Structural and Electronic Fingerprints Olexandr Isayev, Denis Fourches, Eugene
N. Muratov, and Alexander Tropsha∗ Laboratory for Molecular ...

[PDF] Unsupervised Domain Adaptation with Feature Embeddings
Y Yang, J Eisenstein - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.4385, 2014
... Glorot, Xavier, Bordes, Antoine, and Bengio, Yoshua. Domain adaptation for large-scale
sentiment classification: A deep learning approach. In Proceedings of the International
Conference on Machine Learning (ICML), Seattle, WA, 2011. ...

A twice face recognition algorithm
Z Wu, Z Yu, J Yuan, J Zhang - Soft Computing, 2014
... Yaniv et al. (2014) propose a deep learning (DL) frame- work using neural network to deal
with the mission of unconstrained face recognition. Researches present a sys- tem (DeepFace)
that has close to the human visual system. Karczmarek et al. ...

Application and Architecture of Power Dispatching & Distribution System Using Big Data Technology
RC Yuan, H Yan, XM Zhou, FC Di, LX Li - Advanced Materials Research, 2015
... Nowadays, the application of big data focused on single analysis of structured and semi-structured
data. And the deep learning analysis hasn't been concerned, transforming power gird data into
knowledge is the inevitable trend in the development of smart grid. ...

Potential of Cognitive Computing and Cognitive Systems
AK Noor - Open Engineering, 2015
... Some smart systems use "brute force" computation to perform their tasks (like some of the early
concepts of driverless cars), others use machine (deep) learning to adapt to changing situations,
detect novelty, seek out data, and augment human cogni- tion. ...

[PDF] Domain-Adversarial Neural Networks
H Ajakan, P Germain, H Larochelle, F Laviolette… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
... Theor. Comput. Sci., 519:103–126, 2014. [4] X. Glorot, A. Bordes, and Y. Bengio. Domain
adaptation for large-scale sentiment classification: A deep learning approach. In ICML, volume
27, pages 97–110, 2011. [5] P. Vincent, H. Larochelle, Y. Bengio, and PA Manzagol. ...

[PDF] On the Inductive Bias of Dropout
DP Helmbold, PM Long - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.4736, 2014
... Second, we view this work as a starting point for understanding the inductive bias of dropout
when applied in a deep learning architecture – in this case, the preference over deep learning
models might start to be understood by decomposing it into preferences at each node ...

Deep Correspondence Restricted Boltzmann Machine for Cross-modal Retrieval
F Feng, R Li, X Wang - Neurocomputing, 2014
The task of cross-modal retrieval, ie, using a text query to search for images or vice versa,
has received considerable attention with the rapid growth of mul.

[PDF] Sparse, guided feature connections in an Abstract Deep Network
A Knittel, A Blair - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.4967, 2014
Page 1. arXiv:1412.4967v1 [cs.NE] 16 Dec 2014 SPARSE, GUIDED FEATURE
CONNECTIONS Sparse, guided feature connections in an Abstract Deep Network Anthony
Knittel A.KNITTEL@UNSW.EDU.AU University of New South Wales Alan Blair ...

[PDF] Robust Multi-Layer Hierarchical Model for Digit Character Recognition
J Yang, Y Sun, L Zhang, Q Zhang
... Lee et al. [10] presented a convolutional deep belief network model and trained with unlabeled
data. Another contribution of the paper was probabilistic max-pooling, a novel technique which
shrinked the representations of higher layers in a probabilistically sound way. ...

[PDF] LEARNING DEEP VISUAL REPRESENTATIONS
ADERV PROFONDES
... Keywords: Learning deep architectures, deep belief network, restricted Boltz- mann machine,
sparse coding, selectivity regularization, topographic maps, su- pervised deep learning, visual
dictionary learning, hierarchical visual codes, fea- ture coding, pooling, bag-of-words ...

[PDF] Advances in Empirical Risk Minimization for Image Analysis and Pattern Recognition
M Blaschko - 2014
State of the art approaches in computer vision and medical image analysis are intricately 
tied to recent advances in machine learning. In order to overcome the inherent variability of 
visual data, statistical learning techniques are widely applied to extract semantic ...

Deep Correspondence Restricted Boltzmann Machine for Cross-modal Retrieval
F Feng, R Li, X Wang - Neurocomputing, 2014
Abstract The task of cross-modal retrieval, ie, using a text query to search for images or vice 
versa, has received considerable attention with the rapid growth of multi-modal web data. 
Modeling the correlations between different modalities is the key to tackle this problem. In ...

[PDF] Deep neural network adaptation for children's and adults' speech recognition
R Serizel, D Giuliani, FBK FBK - Proc. of the First Italian Computational Linguistics …, 2014
Abstract English. This paper introduces a novel application of the hybrid deep neural 
network (DNN)-hidden Markov model (HMM) approach for automatic speech recognition 
(ASR) to target groups of speakers of a specific age/gender. The group-specific training of ...

[PDF] Systems View on Spatial Planning and Perception Based on Invariants in Agent-Environment Dynamics
B Mettler, Z Kong, B Li, J Andersh - Name: Frontiers in Neuroscience, 2014
Modeling agile and versatile spatial behavior remains a challenging task, due to the intricate 
3 coupling of planning, control, and perceptual processes. Previous results have shown that 
4 humans plan and organize their guidance behavior by exploiting patterns in the ...

Exploiting high level feature for dynamic textures recognition
Y Wang, S Hu - Neurocomputing, 2014
Abstract In this paper, a novel framework is proposed for dynamic textures (DTs) recognition 
by learning a high level feature using deep neural network (DNN). The insight behind the 
method is that a DT appearing in different videos should share similar features, which can ...

Learning Feature Representations with a Cost-Relevant Sparse Autoencoder
M Längkvist, A Loutfi - International Journal of Neural Systems, 2014
There is an increasing interest in the machine learning community to automatically learn 
feature representations directly from the (unlabeled) data instead of using hand-designed 
features. The autoencoder is one method that can be used for this purpose. However, for ...

Deep Learning: 기계학습의 새로운 트랜드
김인중 - 한국통신학회지 (정보와통신), 2014
Deep learning 은 많은 수의 계층으로 이루어진 깊은 신경망을 학습하기 위한 연구 분야이다. 
지난 수 년 동안 deep learning 은 다양한 분야에 적용되어 기존 방법들을 능가하는 높은 성능을 
보였으며, 그 결과 기계학습 및 패턴인식 분야에서 가장 중요한 기술적 트랜드가 되어가고 ...

[PDF] VOCAL TRACT LENGTH NORMALISATION APPROACHES TO DNN-BASED CHILDREN'S AND ADULTS'SPEECH RECOGNITION
R Serizel, D Giuliani
ABSTRACT This paper introduces approaches based on vocal tract length normalisation 
(VTLN) techniques for hybrid deep neural network (DNN)-hidden Markov model (HMM) 
automatic speech recognition when targeting children's and adults' speech. VTLN is ...

[PDF] Voice Conversion Using RNN Pre-Trained by Recurrent Temporal Restricted Boltzmann Machines
T Nakashika, T Takiguchi, Y Ariki
Abstract—This paper presents a voice conversion (VC) method that utilizes the recently 
proposed probabilistic models called recurrent temporal restricted Boltzmann machines 
(RTRBMs). One RTRBM is used for each speaker, with the goal of capturing high-order ...

Beyond Simple and Complex Neurons: Towards Intermediate-level Representations of Shapes and Objects
A Rodríguez-Sánchez, H Neumann, J Piater - KI-Künstliche Intelligenz
Abstract Knowledge of the brain has much advanced since the concept of the neuron 
doctrine developed by Ramón y Cajal (R Trim Histol Norm Patol 1: 33–49, 1888). Over the 
last six decades a wide range of functionalities of neurons in the visual cortex have been ...

Fixed-point feedforward deep neural network design using weights+ 1, 0, and− 1
K Hwang, W Sung - Signal Processing Systems (SiPS), 2014 IEEE …, 2014
Abstract—Feedforward deep neural networks that employ multiple hidden layers show high 
performance in many applications, but they demand complex hardware for implementation. 
The hardware complexity can be much lowered by minimizing the word-length of weights ...

Scene Classification Based on Single-layer SAE and SVM
H Yin, X Jiao, Y Chai, B Fang - Expert Systems with Applications, 2014
Abstract Scene classification aims to group images into semantic categories. It is a 
challenging problem in computer vision due to the difficulties of intra-class variability and 
inter-class similarity. In this paper, a scene classification approach based on single-layer ...

[PDF] 話者適応型 Restricted Boltzmann Machine を用いた声質変換の検討
中鹿亘， 滝口哲也， 有木康雄 - 情報処理学会研究報告. SLP, 音声言語情報処理, 2014
Abstract Voice conversion (VC) is a technique where only speaker-specific information in 
source speech is converted while keeping phonological information. The technique can be 
applied to various tasks such as speaker-identity conversion, emotion conversion and aid ...

[PDF] International Workshop on Artificial Intelligence and Cognition
A Lieto, DP Radicioni, M Cruciani
This book of Proceedings contains the accepted papers of the second International 
Workshop on Artificial Intelligence and Cognition (AIC 2014), held in Turin (Italy) on 
November 26th and 27th, 2014. The series of workshop AIC was launched in 2013 with ...

[PDF] Implementation of Evolutionary Algorithms for Deep Architectures
SS Tirumala
Abstract. Deep learning is becoming an increasingly interesting and powerful machine 
learning method with successful applications in many domains, such as natural language 
processing, image recognition, and hand-written character recognition. Despite of its ...

Promoting deep learning in lectures
D Åkesson, J Cramer, C Martinez, S Olafsen… - Project and Conference …, 2014
Abstract The use of lectures as an educational tool is well established and its roots can be 
traced back to ancient Greece. However, use of the lecture as an educational tool has been 
increasingly questioned where the opposition claims that the lecture promotes a surface ...

[HTML] Audio-visual speech recognition using deep learning
K Noda, Y Yamaguchi, K Nakadai, HG Okuno, T Ogata - Applied Intelligence, 2014
Abstract Audio-visual speech recognition (AVSR) system is thought to be one of the most 
promising solutions for reliable speech recognition, particularly when the audio is corrupted 
by noise. However, cautious selection of sensory features is crucial for attaining high ...

[PDF] Machine Learning for Helicopter Dynamics Models
A Punjani, P Abbeel - 2014
... We pose the dynamics modeling problem as direct high-dimensional regres- sion, and take
inspiration from recent results in Deep Learning to represent the helicopter dynamics with a
Rectified Linear Unit (ReLU) Network Model, a hi- erarchical neural network model. ...

[PDF] Deep Structured Output Learning for Unconstrained Text Recognition
M Jaderberg, K Simonyan, A Vedaldi, A Zisserman - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.5903, 2014
Page 1. Under review as a conference paper at ICLR 2015 DEEP STRUCTURED
OUTPUT LEARNING FOR UNCON- STRAINED TEXT RECOGNITION Max Jaderberg∗,
Karen Simonyan*, Andrea Vedaldi & Andrew Zisserman ...

[PDF] DeepSpeech: Scaling up end-to-end speech recognition
A Hannun, C Case, J Casper, B Catanzaro, G Diamos… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
... Abstract We present a state-of-the-art speech recognition system developed using end-to-
end deep learning. ... In this paper, we describe an end-to-end speech system, called
“DeepSpeech”, where deep learning supersedes these processing stages. ...

[PDF] Facilitating facilitators to facilitate, in problem or enquiry based learning sessions
C Coelho - Journal of Problem Based Learning in Higher …, 2014
... 2, No. 1, 2014 7 • To ensure deep learning has occurred the facilitator could ensure the students
produce ... Students must be encouraged by the facilitator to use these bullet points to prompt input,
so that the merit of deep learning for understanding is appreciated rather than ...

[PDF] Stochastic Descent Analysis of Representation Learning Algorithms
RM Golden - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.5744, 2014
... This paper presents a new stochastic approximation theorem for state-dependent noise with
easily verifiable assumptions applicable to the analysis and design of important deep learning
algorithms including: adaptive learning, contrastive divergence learning, stochastic ...

[PDF] DeepID-Net: Deformable Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for Object Detection
W Ouyang, X Wang, X Zeng, S Qiu, P Luo, Y Tian, H Li… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
... edu.hk Abstract In this paper, we propose deformable deep convolutional neural
networks for generic object detection. This new deep learning object detection
diagram has innovations in mul- tiple aspects. In the proposed ...

[PDF] On the Stability of Deep Networks
R Giryes, G Sapiro, AM Bronstein - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.5896, 2014
... other models of union of subspaces and low dimensional manifolds. 4 HOW MANY
MEASUREMENTS ARE NEEDED TO TRAIN THE NETWORK An important question in deep
learning is what is the amount of labeled training samples needed at training. ...

[PDF] Decomposition-Based Domain Adaptation for Real-World Font Recognition
Z Wang, J Yang, H Jin, E Shechtman, A Agarwala… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
... (2013) performed adaptations on a hierarchy of features instead of a single hand-crafted feature.
In Raina et al. (2007), the proposed transfer learning approach relies on the unsupervised learning
of representations, which related itself closely to Deep Learning (DL) methods. ...

SYSTEM FOR OPTIMIZATION OF GROUP INTERACTION
D Bain - US Patent 20,140,372,159, 2014
... the field of operations research. 2. The system according to claim 1, which additionally
employs artificial intelligence or deep learning to determine the optimal size and
or composition of subgroups. 3. A system, apparatus, and ...

0035 Simphys: The Use Of High-fidelity Simulation To Teach Physiology To Early-years Medical Students
E Good - BMJ Simulation and Technology Enhanced Learning, 2014
... and forget information rapidly. There is, however, a wealth of evidence that deep
learning approaches are associated with better learning outcomes, and that they
can be encouraged in a variety of ways 4. Methodology A mixed ...

A Deep and Stable Extreme Learning Approach for Classification and Regression⋆
WH Le-le Cao, F Sun - Proceedings of ELM-2014 Volume 1: Algorithms and …, 2014
... reach convergence;(3) prone to local optima [15]. Recent key find- ings on neocortex
of mammal brain such as [16] motivated the emergence of deep learning machine
even further. Many researchers have affiliated the fact that ...

Foundations and Trends® in Computer Graphics and Vision
J Mairal, F Bach, J Ponce - Foundations and Trends® in Computer Graphics and …, 2014
... Trends® in Computer Graphics and Vision, vol. 2, no. 4, 2007. Object Categorization.
Axel Pinz. Journal: Foundations and Trends® in Computer Graphics and Vision, vol.
1, no. 4, 2006. Deep Learning: Methods and Applications. ...

[PDF] Learning Block Group Sparse Representation Combined with Convolutional Neural Networks for RGB-D Object Recognition
S Tu, Y Xue, J Wang, X Huang, X Zhang - Journal of Fiber Bioengineering and …, 2014
... method for each specific task. To make features automatically fit to object recognition
task, researchers employed deep learning framework to achieve feature
representation from raw data. Convolutional and Recursive Neural ...

[PDF] Bayesian Deep Deconvolutional Learning
Y Pu, X Yuan, L Carin - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6039, 2014
Page 1. Bayesian Deep Deconvolutional Learning Yunchen Pu, Xin Yuan and Lawrence
Carin Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Duke University, Durham, NC,
27708, USA {yunchen.pu,xin.yuan,lcarin}@duke.edu Abstract ...

0146 Managing Risk, The Use Of Simulation In Pharmacy Education
M Collins, A Green, L Maguire, J Hardisty, L Scott - BMJ Simulation and Technology …, 2014
... Results/outcomes Integrating simulation in pharmacy education demonstrated the need for
students to adopt a deep learning approach in enhancing understanding the role of the
pharmacist in the context of multidisciplinary team work (Tsingos et al 2014). ...

[PDF] Unsupervised Learning of Spatiotemporally Coherent Metrics
R Goroshin, J Bruna, J Tompson, D Eigen, Y LeCun - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6056, 2014
... 10, 2014. Mobahi, Hossein, Collobert, Ronana, and Weston, Jason. Deep learning from
temporal coherence in video. In ICML, 2009. Olshausen, Bruno A and Field, David J. Sparse
coding with an overcomplete basis set: A strategy employed by v1? ...

[PDF] Flattened Convolutional Neural Networks for Feedforward Acceleration
J Jin, A Dundar, E Culurciello - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.5474, 2014
... Chetlur, Sharan, Woolley, Cliff, Vandermersch, Philippe, Cohen, Jonathan, Tran, John, Catan-
zaro, Bryan, and Shelhamer, Evan. cudnn: Efficient primitives for deep learning. ... Predicting
parameters in deep learning. In Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems, pp. ...

[PDF] Question-Asking Patterns during Problem-Based Learning Tutorials: Formal Functional Roles
J Valtanen - Journal of Problem Based Learning in Higher …, 2014
... The dominance of confirmation questions may be a warning sign, particularly if the main aim
of the PBL tutorial is constructing knowledge collaboratively, including questions that challenge
current understanding, and achieving deep learning with epistemological development. ...

[HTML] Audio-visual speech recognition using deep learning
K Noda, Y Yamaguchi, K Nakadai, HG Okuno, T Ogata - Applied Intelligence, 2014
... Lee et al. [29] applied a convolutional deep belief network (DBN) for various audio classification
tasks, such as speaker identification, gender classification, and phone classification, that showed
better performance com- pared with conventional hand-crafted audio features. ...

Pattern Recognition: 6th Chinese Conference, CCPR 2014, Changsha, China, November 17-19, 2014. Proceedings
S Li, C Liu, Y Wang - 2014
... Page 12. Table of Contents – Part I Section I: Fundamentals of Pattern Recognition A Nonlinear
Classifier Based on Factorization Machines Model..... 1 Xiaolong Liu, Yanming Zhang, and
Chenglin Liu Training Deep Belief Network with Sparse Hidden Units ..... ...

[PDF] Data collection and language understanding of food descriptions
M Korpusik, N Schmidt, J Drexler, S Cyphers, J Glass - Proc. SLT, 2014
... understanding,” in Proc. INTERSPEECH, 2013, pp. 3771–3775. [8] A. Deoras and R.
Sarikaya, “Deep belief network based se- mantic taggers for spoken language
understanding,” in Proc. INTERSPEECH, 2013, pp. 2713–2717. [9] S ...

[PDF] Automatic Recognition and Generation of Affective Movements
AA Samadani - 2014
Page 1. Automatic Recognition and Generation of Affective Movements by Ali-Akbar Samadani
A thesis presented to the University of Waterloo in fulfillment of the thesis requirement for the
degree of Doctor of Philosophy in Electrical and Computer Engineering ...

[PDF] Learning Generative Models with Visual Attention-Supplementary Materials
CN Network
... This creates a third-order flavor and is more powerful for the task of determining where to
shift attention to next. Gaussian Deep Belief Network The training of the Gaussian Deep
Belief Network is performed in a standard greedy layerwise fash- ion. ...

[PDF] Implementation of Evolutionary Algorithms for Deep Architectures
SS Tirumala
... This procedure continues till the last layer and the entire structure is developed as Gaussian
connections. 2.2 Deep Belief Networks Deep Belief Network (DBN) is a type of DNN proposed
by Hinton in 2006 [15]. DBN is based on MLP model with greedy layer-wise training. ...

[PDF] DeepSpeech: Scaling up end-to-end speech recognition
A Hannun, C Case, J Casper, B Catanzaro, G Diamos… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
... As a final optimization, we shorten the recurrent layers by taking “steps” (or strides) of size
2 in the original input so that the unrolled RNN has half as many steps. This is similar to
a convolutional network [25] with a step-size of 2 in the first layer. ...

[PDF] Unsupervised Learning of Spatiotemporally Coherent Metrics
R Goroshin, J Bruna, J Tompson, D Eigen, Y LeCun - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6056, 2014
... adjacent feature maps. In order to produce slow features a convolutional network
must compensate for the motion in the video sequence by producing spatially aligned
activations for temporally ad- jacent samples. In other words ...

[PDF] Fractional Max-Pooling
B Graham - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6071, 2014
... 3 Implementation The networks are implemented using a sparse convolutional network, as de-
scribed in [3]. All this means in practice is that we can specify a convolutional 4 Page 5.
11x1110x10 FMP 7x7 C2 C2 FMP 6x6 4x4 C2 3x3 FMP 2x2 C2 1x1 C1 1x1 ...

[PDF] Bayesian Deep Deconvolutional Learning
Y Pu, X Yuan, L Carin - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6039, 2014
Page 1. Bayesian Deep Deconvolutional Learning Yunchen Pu, Xin Yuan and Lawrence
Carin Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Duke University, Durham, NC,
27708, USA {yunchen.pu,xin.yuan,lcarin}@duke.edu Abstract ...

[PDF] Learning Generative Models with Visual Attention-Supplementary Materials
CN Network
Page 1. Learning Generative Models with Visual Attention - Supplementary Materials Yichuan
Tang, Nitish Srivastava, Ruslan Salakhutdinov Department of Computer Science University of
Toronto Toronto, Ontario, Canada {tang,nitish,rsalakhu}@cs.toronto.edu ...

[PDF] MOVE EVALUATION IN GO USING DEEP CONVOLUTIONAL NEURAL NETWORKS
CJ Maddison, A Huang, I Sutskever, D Silver
... When the trained convolutional network was used di- rectly to play games of Go, without any
search, it beat the traditional-search pro- gram GnuGo in 97% of games, and matched the
performance of a state-of-the-art Monte-Carlo tree search that simulates two million positions ...

[PDF] Introduction to Autoencoders
D Meyer - 2014
Abstract Recent advances in machine learning, coupled with the onslaught of data being 
collected from a wide variety of sensors has rekindled interest in using machine learning as 
a method to uncover hidden structure in these ever growing data sets. In particular, ...

[PDF] Robotic Grasping System Using Convolutional Neural Networks
P Bezák, YR Nikitin, P Božek - American Journal of Mechanical Engineering, 2014
... In machine learning, a deep belief network (DBN) is a generative graphical model, or alternatively
a type of deep neural network, composed of multiple layers of latent variables ("hidden units"),
with connections between the layers but not between units within each layer [9,10]. ...

Adaptive Nonparametric Image Parsing
TV Nguyen, C Lu, J Sepulveda, S Yan
... function. Farabet et al. [16] later proposed to use a multiscale convolutional network
trained from raw pixels to extract dense feature vectors that encode regions of multiple
sizes centered at each pixel. Nonparametric methods ...

Biologically Inspired Visual Model With Preliminary Cognition and Active Attention Adjustment
H Qiao, X Xi, Y Li, W Wu, F Li
Page 1. This article has been accepted for inclusion in a future issue of this journal. Content is
final as presented, with the exception of pagination. IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON CYBERNETICS
1 Biologically Inspired Visual Model With Preliminary Cognition and Active ...

[PDF] Student-centred Teaching and Learning: not always what it says on the tin?
M Brockmann - Practice and Evidence of the Scholarship of Teaching …, 2014
... instead much more about the teacher's delivery of the content, leading to the encouragement
of surface rather than deep learning approaches. ... teaching. In a deep learning approach, motivated
students develop their own understanding of the material based on intrinsic interest. ...

[PDF] Introduction to Autoencoders
D Meyer - 2014
... This paper provides an overview of the basic building block of deep learning networks, the
auto-encoder. After describing the basics of auto-encoders, we describe how deep networks
are built by stacking auto-encoders to build deep learning artificial neural networks. ...

Vocation, motivation and approaches to learning: A comparative study
JL Arquero, C Fernández-Polvillo, T Hassall, J Joyce - Education+ Training, 2014
... material in an unrelated manner and they are constrained by the specific task. Consequently,
deep learning is more likely to result in better retention and transfer of knowledge and lead to
higher quality learning outcomes (Ramsden, 1992). Correspondingly, de Lange and ...

[PDF] Robotic Grasping System Using Convolutional Neural Networks
P Bezák, YR Nikitin, P Božek - American Journal of Mechanical Engineering, 2014
... Keywords: robot hand, modeling, grasping, convolutional neural networks, deep learning,
object recognition, pose estimation ... 3. Object Recognition and Pose Estimation 3.1. Brief
Introduction to Deep Neural Networks and Deep Learning ...

[PDF] Mooting within the curriculum as a vehicle for learning: student perceptions
L Jones, S Field - Practice and Evidence of the Scholarship of Teaching …, 2014
... Biggs argues that constructive alignment provides many benefits, including the facilitation
of deep learning where approaches - such as a moot - are selected that ... (2007), namely that
mooting facilitates deep learning in that it is 'more demanding… ...

Background Prior Based Salient Object Detection via Deep Reconstruction Residual
J Han, D Zhang, X Hu, L Guo, J Ren, F Wu - 2014
... We develop stacked denoising autoencoders with deep learning architectures to model
the background where latent patterns are explored and more powerful representations
of data are learnt in an unsupervised and bottom up manner. ...

Simple Solutions to Complex Problems—MOOCs as a Panacea?
A BassScott - The Journal of General Education, 2014
... In this respect, the mooc movement appears to be counterintuitive and antithetical to the efforts
to ensure the deep learning envisioned by academic experts and championed by the Association
of American Colleges and Universities. General Education/Liberal Arts Pedagogy. ...

Planning for Enjoyment in the General Music Classroom
LH Koops, H Keppen - General Music Today, 2014
Advertisement. ...

[PDF] Preliminary evaluation of hyperopt algorithms on HPOLib
J Bergstra, B Komer, C Eliasmith, D Warde-Farley - ICML workshop on AutoML, 2014
... In SciPy'13, 2013. G. Desjardins, J. Bergstra, and LISA Lab. Deep learning tutorial: Hybrid
Monte-Carlo. http://www.deeplearning.net/tutorial/hmc.html, 2010. K. Eggensperger, M. Feurer,
F. Hutter, J. Bergstra, J. Snoek, H. Hoos, and K. Leyton- Brown. ...

Collusion with denial: leadership development and its evaluation
EL King, P Nesbit - Journal of Management Development, 2014
... emerged from the immediate static evaluation of the program. Statements at that point tended
to be action orientated rather than reflecting deep learning or perception changes, including
“setting goals for using the theory I learned in specific situations” and “maintaining a list of ...

[PDF] PLOTLearner's Persuasive Achievement: Force, Flow and Context in Technology for Language Learning from the Hebrew Bible
N Winther-Nielsen - HIPHIL Novum, 2014
... Carstensen 2013: 31, 33). The second case explored persuasive affordance, deep
learning, scaffolding and self-monitoring for higher education based on PLOTMaker
(Soosay and Mikulecká 2013: 39-40). Just like the case ...

[PDF] Nuclei/Cell Detection in Microscopic Skeletal Muscle Fiber Images and Histopathological Brain Tumor Images Using Sparse Optimizations
H Su - 2014
Page 1. University of Kentucky UKnowledge Theses and Dissertations--Computer Science
Computer Science 2014 Nuclei/Cell Detection in Microscopic Skeletal Muscle Fiber Images
and Histopathological Brain Tumor Images Using Sparse Optimizations ...

Data Scientists at Work
S Gutierrez - 2014

[PDF] A GPU Implementation of GoogLeNet
Z Wu, Y Zhang, F Yu, J Xiao
... classification. GoogLeNet [5] is a deep learning architecture that is more convolutional
than previ- ous network architecture which can increase the depth and width of the
network without significant more parameters. GoogLeNet ...

[PDF] FEATURE SELECTION AND EXTRACTION FOR BABYFACE RECOGNITION
YT Tsai, MC Yeh
... In this paper, we used a deep learning method to extract features from a human face. Then, a
supervised learning approach was applied to obtain a babyface classifier. ... Finally, we use deep
learning techniques to learn good features from a set of training images. ...

[PDF] CRYPTO-NETS: NEURAL NETWORKS OVER EN-CRYPTED DATA
P Xie, M Bilenko, T Finley, R Gilad-Bachrach, K Lauter…
... The Journal of Machine Learning Research, 12:1069–1109, 2011. Coates, Adam, Huval, Brody,
Wang, Tao, Wu, David, Catanzaro, Bryan, and Andrew, Ng. Deep learning with cots hpc systems.
In Proceedings of The 30th International Conference on Machine Learning, pp. ...

[PDF] PERSONALIZED FACE IMAGE RETRIEVAL BASED ON GMKL
YS Chou, CW Su
... Many related researches have been done for above issue including using Active Shape Model
(ASM) [6], Active Appearance Model (AAM) [7], Constrained Local Model (CLM) [11-12], and
deep learning [8]. Here, we adopt deep learning-based approach [8] to align the face ...

[PDF] Evaluation of Faculty Members' Teaching Style (Case Study: Islamic Azad University, Roudehen Branch)
S Ahmadi
... Findings: results show that majority of the faculty of Engineering, Islamic Azad University of
Agriculture and Biological Sciences, Rodehen branch prefer presenting applied content, deep
learning, cognitive processing and a symbol and cooperative activities. ...

Biologically Inspired Visual Model With Preliminary Cognition and Active Attention Adjustment
H Qiao, X Xi, Y Li, W Wu, F Li
... Since 2006 [18], a lot of deep-learning algorithms have ... a) In the memory process, the episodic
features could be learned with deep-learning networks sponta- neously, and the semantic and
episodic features of the same component of an object are saving together. ...

[PDF] PEDESTRIAN DETECTION FROM SALIENT REGIONS
X Wang, J Chen, W Fang, C Liang, C Zhang, R Hu
... IEEE Conference on. IEEE, 2009, pp. 304–311. [6] Piotr Dollár, Serge Belongie, and Pietro Perona,
“The fastest pedestrian detector in the west.,” in BMVC, 2010, vol. 2, p. 7. [7] Wanli Ouyang and
Xiaogang Wang, “Joint deep learning for pedestrian detection,” ICCV, 2013. ...

[PDF] Fully Convolutional Multi-Class Multiple Instance Learning
D Pathak, E Shelhamer, J Long, T Darrell - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.7144, 2014
... We propose a novel MIL formulation of multi-class semantic segmentation learn- ing
by a fully convolutional network. ... We perform MIL jointly with representation learning
in fully-convolutional network, train- ing everything end to end. ...

[PDF] Striving for Simplicity: The All Convolutional Net
JT Springenberg, A Dosovitskiy, T Brox, M Riedmiller - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6806, 2014
... similar to Zeiler & Fergus (2014). 2 MODEL DESCRIPTION - THE ALL
CONVOLUTIONAL NETWORK The models we use in our experiments differ from
standard CNNs in several key aspects. First – and most interestingly – we ...

[PDF] Learning Compact Convolutional Neural Networks with Nested Dropout
C Finn, LA Hendricks, T Darrell - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.7155, 2014
... 1 MOTIVATION Many recent results have shown that supervised convolutional network
learning is able to learn representations that are effective on a wide range of tasks
and further, can transfer well to novel domains and problems. ...

[PDF] Permutohedral Lattice CNNs
M Kiefel, V Jampani, PV Gehler - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6618, 2014
... The permutohedral lattice was introduced to efficiently implement a bilateral filter, a commonly
used image processing opera- tion. Its use allows for a generalization of the convolution type
found in current (spatial) convolutional network architectures. 1 INTRODUCTION ...

[PDF] Semantic Image Segmentation with Deep Convolutional Nets and Fully Connected CRFs
LC Chen, G Papandreou, I Kokkinos, K Murphy… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
... Recent work has pursued two directions to address this localization challenge. The first approach
is to harness information from multiple layers in the convolutional network in order to better estimate
the object boundaries (Long et al., 2014; Eigen & Fergus, 2014). ...

[PDF] Deep Fried Convnets
Z Yang, M Moczulski, M Denil, N de Freitas, A Smola… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
... 1 Introduction A standard convolutional network is composed of two types of layers, each
with very different properties. Convolutional layers, which contain a small fraction of the
network parameters, represent most of the computational effort. ...

[PDF] Spatio-Temporal Moving Object Proposals
K Fragkiadaki, P Arbelaez, P Felsen, J Malik - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6504, 2014
... MOPs increase the object detection rate by 7% over static segment proposals of
[23]. MOPs are ranked by a Moving Objectness Detector (MOD) trained from image
and motion fields using a multilayer convolutional network. ...

[PDF] Visual Scene Representations: Scaling and Occlusion in Convolutional Architectures
S Soatto, J Dong, N Karianakis - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6607, 2014
... As Dong & Soatto (2014) did for SIFT, and as we did for the Scattering Transform above, we
conjectured that pooling over domain size would improve the performance of a convolutional
network. In the Supplementary material we report experiments to t

[PDF] Deep metric learning using Triplet network
E Hoffer, N Ailon - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6622, 2014
... 3.2 EMBEDDING NET The embedding net used is a convolutional-network, consisting
of 3 convolutional and 2x2 max- pooling layers, followed by a fourth convolutional layer.
A ReLU non-linearity is applied between two consecutive layers. ...

[PDF] Self-informed neural network structure learning
D Warde-Farley, A Rabinovich, D Anguelov - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6563, 2014
... with either of these. In the case of the particular convolutional network we have
described, it is not obvious that the best place to connect these auxiliary stacks of
hidden layers is following the last convolutional layer. Most of the ...

[PDF] Learning Activation Functions to Improve Deep Neural Networks
F Agostinelli, M Hoffman, P Sadowski, P Baldi - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6830, 2014
... Deep learning with artificial neural networks has enabled rapid progress in the fields of computer
vision (Krizhevsky et al., 2012) and the natural sciences, from chemoinformatics (Lusci et al.,
2013) to protein folding (Di Lena et al., 2012) to particle physics (Baldi et al., 2014a). ...

[PDF] In Search of the Real Inductive Bias: On the Role of Implicit Regularization in Deep Learning
B Neyshabur, R Tomioka, N Srebro - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6614, 2014
Abstract: We present experiments demonstrating that some other form of capacity control, 
different from network size, plays a central role in learning multilayer feed-forward networks. 
We argue, partially through analogy to matrix factorization, that this is an inductive bias ...

[PDF] Low precision arithmetic for deep learning
M Courbariaux, Y Bengio, JP David - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.7024, 2014
Abstract: We simulate the training of a set of state of the art neural networks, the Maxout 
networks (Goodfellow et al., 2013a), on three benchmark datasets: the MNIST, CIFAR10 and 
SVHN, with three distinct arithmetics: floating point, fixed point and dynamic fixed point. ...

[PDF] Deep learning with Elastic Averaging SGD
S Zhang, A Choromanska, Y LeCun - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6651, 2014
Abstract: We study the problem of stochastic optimization for deep learning in the parallel 
computing environment under communication constraints. A new algorithm is proposed in 
this setting where the communication and coordination of work among concurrent ...

Deep learning for fault diagnosis based on multi-sourced heterogeneous data
Y Ma, Z Guo, J Su, Y Chen, X Du, Y Yang, C Li, Y Lin… - Power System Technology ( …, 2014
Abstract—As a representative of deep learning, Boltzmann machine is being widely studied 
to solve some complex problems. The model of deep Boltzmann machine has been 
successfully applied to unsupervised learning for single modality (eg, text, images, video ...

[PDF] Purine: A bi-graph based deep learning framework
M Lin, S Li, X Luo, S Yan - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6249, 2014
Abstract: In this paper, we introduce a novel deep learning framework, termed Purine. In 
Purine, a deep network is expressed as a bipartite graph (bi-graph), which is composed of 
interconnected operators and data tensors. With the bi-graph abstraction, networks are ...

[PDF] Learning Compact Convolutional Neural Networks with Nested Dropout
C Finn, LA Hendricks, T Darrell - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.7155, 2014
... The primary contributions of this paper are to (1) demonstrate that nested dropout can successfully
be applied to convolutional layers trained by back-propagation, (2) provide our implementation
in Caffe (Jia et al., 2014), a widely used deep learning framework, upon publication ...

[PDF] Why does Deep Learning work?-A perspective from Group Theory
A Paul, S Venkatasubramanian - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6621, 2014
Abstract: Why does Deep Learning work? What representations does it capture? How do 
higher-order representations emerge? We study these questions from the perspective of 
group theory, thereby opening a new approach towards a theory of Deep learning.

[PDF] Deep metric learning using Triplet network
E Hoffer, N Ailon - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6622, 2014
... ABSTRACT Deep learning has proven itself as a successful set of models for learning useful
semantic representations of data. ... 1 INTRODUCTION For the past few years, deep learning models
have been used extensively to solve various machine learning tasks. ...

[PDF] Learning Temporal Dependencies in Data Using a DBN-BLSTM
K Goel, R Vohra - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6093, 2014
... ABSTRACT Since the advent of deep learning, it has been used to solve various
problems using many different architectures. However, these architectures do not
always adequately consider the temporal dependencies in data. ...

[PDF] Training Deep Neural Networks on Noisy Labels with Bootstrapping
S Reed, H Lee, D Anguelov, C Szegedy, D Erhan… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
... Mountain View, CA, USA 1dragomir,szegedy,dumitru,amrabinol@google.com ABSTRACT Current
state-of-the-art deep learning systems for visual object recognition and detection use purely
supervised training with regularization such as dropout to avoid overfitting. ...

[PDF] ADASECANT: Robust Adaptive Secant Method for Stochastic Gradient
C Gulcehre, Y Bengio - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.7419, 2014
... STOCHASTIC GRADIENT Caglar Gulcehre and Yoshua Bengio Université de Montréal
ABSTRACT Stochastic gradient algorithms have been the main focus of large-scale learning
problems and they led to important successes in deep learning. ...

[PDF] Learning of Proto-object Representations via Fixations on Low Resolution
C Shen, X Huang, Q Zhao - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.7242, 2014
... visual field. In this work, we present a computational framework based on deep learning
to demonstrate that this proto-object representations can be learned naturally from
low-resolution image patches from fixation regions. Here ...

[PDF] Neural Network Regularization via Robust Weight Factorization
J Rudy, W Ding, DJ Im, GW Taylor - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6630, 2014
... This is supported by recent work has looked closely at the significant redundancy in the parameteri-
zation of deep learning architectures, and proposed low-rank weight matrices as a way to
massively reduce parameters while preserving predictive accuracy (Denil et al., 2013). ...

[PDF] Score Function Features for Discriminative Learning
M Janzamin, H Sedghi, A Anandkumar - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6514, 2014
... Instead, the recent trend has been to automatically learn good features through various
frameworks such as deep learning (Bengio et al., 2013), sparse coding (Raina et al., 2007),
independent component analysis (ICA) (Le et al., 2011), Fisher kernels (Jaakkola et al., 1999 ...

[PDF] Self-informed neural network structure learning
D Warde-Farley, A Rabinovich, D Anguelov - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6563, 2014
... Bengio, Yoshua. Deep learning of representations: Looking forward. In Statistical Language and
Speech Processing, pp. 1–37. ... Hinton, Geoffrey E., Vinyals, Oriol, and Dean, Jeff. Distilling the
knowledge in a neural network. In NIPS 2014 Deep Learning Workshop, 2014. ...

[PDF] Deep Fried Convnets
Z Yang, M Moczulski, M Denil, N de Freitas, A Smola… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
... In contrast to the above approaches, Denil et al. (2013) demonstrate that there is
significant redundancy in the parameterization of several deep learning models,
and exploit this to reduce the number of parameters required. ...

An Overview of Deep Generative Models
J Xu, H Li, S Zhou - IETE Technical Review, 2014
... L. Deng, and D. Yu, “Deep learning for signal and information processing,” Microsoft
Research Report, Redmond, 2013. View all references]. ... As a building block of training
DBN, RBM plays a very important role in deep learning. ...

[PDF] Occlusion Edge Detection in RGB-D Frames using Deep Convolutional Networks
S Sarkar, V Venugopalan, K Reddy, M Giering, J Ryde… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
... In this context, this paper evaluates the efficacy of Deep Learning tools Bengio &
Olivier (2011) for the task of occlusion edge detection. ... Deep Learning applications
have been targeted on GPUs previously in Krizhevsky et al. ...

[PDF] Multi-modal Sensor Registration for Vehicle Perception via Deep Neural Networks
M Giering, K Reddy, V Venugopalan - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.7006, 2014
... We develop a deep learning method that takes multiple channels of heterogeneous data,
to detect the misalign- ment of the LiDAR-video inputs. ... DCNNs are probably the most
successful deep learning model to date on fielded applications. ...

[PDF] Learning linearly separable features for speech recognition using convolutional neural networks
D Palaz, MM Doss, R Collobert - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.7110, 2014
Abstract: Automatic speech recognition systems usually rely on spectral-based features, 
such as MFCC of PLP. These features are extracted based on prior knowledge such as, 
speech perception or/and speech production. Recently, convolutional neural networks ...

[PDF] An Analysis of Unsupervised Pre-training in Light of Recent Advances
TL Paine, P Khorrami, W Han, TS Huang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6597, 2014
Abstract: Convolutional neural networks perform well on object recognition because of a 
number of recent advances: rectified linear units (ReLUs), data augmentation, dropout, and 
large labelled datasets. Unsupervised data has been proposed as another way to improve ...

[PDF] FitNets: Hints for Thin Deep Nets
A Romero, N Ballas, SE Kahou, A Chassang, C Gatta… - arXiv preprint arXiv: …, 2014
Abstract: While depth tends to improve network performances, it also makes gradient-based 
training more difficult since deeper networks tend to be more non-linear. The recently 
proposed knowledge distillation approach is aimed at obtaining small and fast-to-execute ...

[PDF] Generative Modeling of Convolutional Neural Networks
J Dai, YN Wu - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6296, 2014
Abstract: The convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have proven to be a powerful tool for 
discriminative learning. Recently researchers have also started to show interest in the 
generative aspects of CNNs in order to gain a deeper understanding of what they have ...

[PDF] Learning Deep Temporal Representations for Brain Decoding
O Firat, E Aksan, I Oztekin, FTY Vural - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.7522, 2014
Abstract: Functional magnetic resonance imaging produces high dimensional data, with a 
less then ideal number of labelled samples for brain decoding tasks. In this study, we 
propose a deep temporal convolutional neural network architecture for brain decoding ...

[PDF] Learning Temporal Dependencies in Data Using a DBN-BLSTM
K Goel, R Vohra - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6093, 2014
Abstract: Since the advent of deep learning, it has been used to solve various problems 
using many different architectures. However, these architectures do not always adequately 
consider the temporal dependencies in data. We thus propose a new generic architecture ...

Auditory Scene Classification with Deep Belief Network
L Xue, F Su - MultiMedia Modeling, 2015
Abstract Effective modeling and analyzing of an auditory scene is crucial to many context-
aware and content-based multimedia applications. In this paper, we explore the 
effectiveness of the multiple-layer generative deep neural network model in discovering ...

An Overview of Deep Generative Models
J Xu, H Li, S Zhou - IETE Technical Review, 2014
ABSTRACT As an important category of deep models, deep generative model has attracted 
more and more attention with the proposal of Deep Belief Networks (DBNs) and the fast 
greedy training algorithm based on restricted Boltzmann machines (RBMs). In the past few ...

[PDF] 基於深度卷積神經網路之手勢辨識技術研究
謝汝欣， 王聖智 - 2013
在這篇論文中, 我們提出了一個使用任意單一攝影機在不同角度下仍能遠距離辨識多重手勢的
技術. 此技術不需固定攝影機角度, 不需要由特定使用者操作, 且能分辨多種手勢. 
此技術在影片中自動找出使用者的手的位置, 並判斷使用者想傳達的訊息, 希望能進行遠距離 ...

Auditory Scene Classification with Deep Belief Network
L Xue, F Su - MultiMedia Modeling, 2015
Abstract Effective modeling and analyzing of an auditory scene is crucial to many context-
aware and content-based multimedia applications. In this paper, we explore the 
effectiveness of the multiple-layer generative deep neural network model in discovering ...

[PDF] Learning Temporal Dependencies in Data Using a DBN-BLSTM
K Goel, R Vohra - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6093, 2014
... We thus propose a new generic architecture called the Deep Belief Network - Bidirectional Long
Short- Term Memory (DBN-BLSTM) network that models sequences by keeping track of the
temporal information while enabling deep representations in the data. ...

[PDF] Learning linearly separable features for speech recognition using convolutional neural networks
D Palaz, MM Doss, R Collobert - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.7110, 2014
... In recent years, the deep neural network (DNN) and deep belief network (DBN) approaches have
been proposed (Hinton et al., 2006), which yielded state-of-the-art results in speech recog- nition
using neural networks composed of many hidden layers, initialized in an ...

An Overview of Deep Generative Models
J Xu, H Li, S Zhou - IETE Technical Review, 2014
... In this section, we introduced the structures and learning algorithms of three typical deep
generative models including deep belief network, deep autoencoder, and DBM. Most of other
deep generative models are based on these three models. ... 3.1 Deep Belief Network. ...

[PDF] C-SVDDNet: An Effective Single-Layer Network for Unsupervised Feature Learning
D Wang, X Tan - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.7259, 2014
Page 1. TNN-SUBMISSION 1 C-SVDDNet: An Effective Single-Layer Network for
Unsupervised Feature Learning Dong Wang and Xiaoyang Tan Abstract—In this paper,
we investigate the problem of learning feature representation ...

MultiMedia Modeling: 21st International Conference, MMM 2015, Sydney, Australia, January 5-7, 2015, Proceedings
X He, S Luo, D Tao, C Xu, J Yang, MA Hasan - 2015
... Retrieval Systems..... 335 Sheila M. Pinto-Cáceres, Jurandy Almeida, M. Cecılia C. Baranauskas,
and Ricardo da S. Torres Auditory Scene Classification with Deep Belief Network..... 348 Like ...

[PDF] Obtaining Cross-modal Similarity Metric with Deep Neural Architecture
R Li, F Feng, X Wang, P Lu, B Li - 2014
Page 1. Obtaining Cross-modal Similarity Metric with Deep Neural Architecture Ruifan
Li,1, 2 Fangxiang Feng,1 Xiaojie Wang,1, 2 Peng Lu,1 and Bohan Li1 1. School of
Computers, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications ...

[PDF] Fingerprint Enhancement Using Unsupervised Hierarchical Feature Learning
M Sahasrabudhe, AM Namboodiri - 2014
... We incorporate the use of a convolutional deep belief network to learn features from greyscale,
clean fingerprint images. ... However, convolutional neural networks themselves are not generative
models. In- stead, we use convolutional deep belief network (CDBN) in this work. ...

[PDF] Obtaining Cross-modal Similarity Metric with Deep Neural Architecture
R Li, F Feng, X Wang, P Lu, B Li - 2014
Abstract—Analyzing complex system with multimodal data, such as image and text, has 
recently received tremendous attention. Modeling the relationship between different 
modalities is the key to address this problem. Motivated by recent successful applications ...

[HTML] Vector LIDA
J Snaider, S Franklin - Procedia Computer Science, 2014
Abstract The representation paradigm used by a cognitive architecture helps to determine 
the kind of processes that it can perform more efficiently. Vector LIDA is a variation of the 
LIDA cognitive architecture that employs high-dimensional Modular Composite ...

[PDF] Investigating the Consistency and Convexity of Restricted Boltzmann Machine Learning
BE Juel - 2013
In this thesis we asses the consistency and convexity of the parameter inference in 
Boltzmann machine learning algorithms based on gradient ascent on the likelihood surface. 
We do this by rst developing standard tools for generating equillibrium data drawn from a ...

[PDF] Automatic Photo Adjustment Using Deep Learning
Z Yan, H Zhang, B Wang, S Paris, Y Yu - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.7725, 2014
Abstract: Photo retouching enables photographers to invoke dramatic visual impressions by 
artistically enhancing their photos through stylistic color and tone adjustments. However, it is 
also a time-consuming and challenging task that requires advanced skills beyond the ...

[PDF] A Novel Neural Topic Model and Its Supervised Extension
Z Cao, S Li, Y Liu, W Li, H Ji - 2015
... However, they also suffer from the limi- tations of sensitivity to initialization and
unigram topic distribution, which can be remedied by deep learning techniques.
To explore the combination of topic mod- eling and deep learning ...

[HTML] Vector LIDA
J Snaider, S Franklin - Procedia Computer Science, 2014
... The advantages of this new model include a more realistic and biologically plausible model,
better integration with its episodic memory, better integration with other low level perceptual
processing (such as deep learning systems), better scalability, and easier learning ...

[PDF] A Documentary Video Assignment to Enhance Learning in Large First-Year Science Classes
LJ Kuchel, SK Stevens, R Wilson, J Cokley - … Journal of Innovation in Science and …, 2014
... International, Australia Keywords: student engagement, group work, science
communication, communication, deep learning, visual learning, oral communication,
biology, novel assessment, pedagogy, video, documentary International ...

Interest-based text preference moderates the effect of text difficulty on engagement and learning
SM Fulmer, SK D'Mello, A Strain, AC Graesser - Contemporary Educational …, 2014
... of interest in the particular domain. What characteristics of the learning activity inspire
sustained engagement and deep learning, versus zoning out, quitting, and negligible
learning? Theories of motivation posit that moderate ...

[PDF] Obtaining Cross-modal Similarity Metric with Deep Neural Architecture
R Li, F Feng, X Wang, P Lu, B Li - 2014
Page 1. Obtaining Cross-modal Similarity Metric with Deep Neural Architecture Ruifan
Li,1, 2 Fangxiang Feng,1 Xiaojie Wang,1, 2 Peng Lu,1 and Bohan Li1 1. School of
Computers, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications ...

[PDF] Fingerprint Enhancement Using Unsupervised Hierarchical Feature Learning
M Sahasrabudhe, AM Namboodiri - 2014
... fingerprints. Keywords Biometrics, Fingerprint Enhancement, Deep Learning, Fea- ture
Learning ... enhancement. Strides have been made in deep learning over the past decade,
and a host of models suited to different tasks have emerged. ...

[PDF] Multiple Object Recognition with Visual Attention
J Ba, V Mnih, K Kavukcuoglu - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.7755, 2014
... 2, 4, 6 Netzer, Yuval, Wang, Tao, Coates, Adam, Bissacco, Alessandro, Wu, Bo, and Ng, Andrew
Y. Reading digits in natural images with unsupervised feature learning. In NIPS workshop on
deep learning and unsupervised feature learning, volume 2011, pp. 4, 2011. 5, 7 ...

Assessing Civic Engagement: New Directions for Institutional Research, Number 162
DG Terkla, LS O'Leary - 2014

Teaching styles used in Malawian BSN programmes: A survey of nurse educator preferences
EB Chilemba, JC Bruce - Nurse Education Today, 2014
... Deep learning is thus minimal and depends on the learning approach that the learner adopts. ...
In cluster 4, the Delegator/Facilitator/Expert cluster, learners work independently through
collaborative and active learning strategies to enhance deep learning. ...

[PDF] åí Ç
YJ SI, YM XIAO, J XU, JL PAN, YH YAN - ACTA AUTOMATICA SINICA, 2014
Page 1. ½40 ½12 Þ § Vol. 40, No. 12 2014 12 ACTA AUTOMATICA SINICA December, 2014
åí Ç º Æµ ß ñ1 ¥âð1 Å 1 ¢ 1 1 ý ¿℄ Ý Ç (Automatic speech recognition, ASR) · , å ß¢ Ç , Ç
º(Language model, LM) ¿ Ã. Â ªè Ù Î Æµ ß, µ · ³ Æ, ÖÞ Ç º . ¨´ÂÄ , ßµ Æ µ º , ÐÂ¸ Ç Í. ...

Dramatic Play and Process Drama: Towards a Collective Zone of Proximal Development to Enhance Language and Literacy Learning
R Ewing - Dramatic Interactions in Education: Vygotskian and …, 2015

[PDF] A STUDY ON THE LEARNING APPROACH OF THE MALAYSIAN ADULT STUDENTS
OC Hee - Journal of Technical Education and Training, 2014
... ABSTRACT The purpose of this study is to identify the learning approach of the Malaysian adult
students towards their continuing education. The findings of this study indicate that the adult
students tend to adopt deep learning approach in their learning process. ...

[PDF] Students' Preconceptions of the Formation and Location of Deserts: Results of a Qualitative Interview Study with Grade 7 Students in Germany
JC SCHUBERT - 2014
Page 1. Review of International Geographical Education Online © RIGEO Volume 4, Number
2, Summer 2014 © Review of International Geographical Education Online RIGEO 2014
ISSN: 2146-0353 www.rigeo.org Students' Preconceptions of the ...

Higher-Order Thinking in an Online World: Toward a Theory of Web-Mediated Knowledge Synthesis
M DeSchryver - Teachers College Record, 2014
Page 1. 1 Teachers College Record Volume 116, 120305, December 2014, 44 pages Copyright
© by Teachers College, Columbia University 0161-4681 Higher Order Thinking in an Online
World: Toward a Theory of Web-Mediated Knowledge Synthesis ...

[PDF] Building Communication Skills for Science Students in Videoconference Tutorials
M Bell, P Carr - International Journal of Innovation in Science and …, 2014
... students in Australia and Hong Kong following intensive study on campus in Australia reported
interactive higher order discussions (Burke, Lundin, & Daunt, 1997), that is, discussion
characterised by “an approach based on critical reflection, deep learning and metacognition” ( ...

[PDF] Constructing and Assessing an Introductory Urban Sustainability Course: Applying New Insights Using Survey Research
CP Frederick, KD Pijawka - Journal of Sustainability Education, 2014
Page 1. Journal of Sustainability Education Vol. 7, December 2014 ISSN: 2151-7452
Chad Frederick is a University Fellow and doctoral candidate in Urban and Public
Affairs at the University of Louisville. His dissertation explores ...

System and Method for Facilitating an Interactive Engagement of a User with an Online Application
S Bose, V Goswami, S Garg, LS Sandhya, S Vallat… - US Patent 20,140,380,179, 2014
... a data mining technique. In one example, the abandonment metric/index may be
calculated using a supervised or unsupervised learning technique, or a clustering,
deep learning algorithm, or a decision tree. In one example ...

Assessing motivation to learn chemistry: adaptation and validation of Science Motivation Questionnaire II with Greek secondary school students
K Salta, D Koulougliotis - Chemistry Education Research and Practice, 2014
... et al., 2002; Schiefele, 1999). An important finding was the stronger relationship between
interest and deep- learning than with rote learning (Schiefele, 1999). Finally, the theoretical
perspective of the social cognitive theory, originally developed ...

PHYSIOLOGIC DATA ACQUISITION AND ANALYSIS
BL Davis, TF Rodriguez, AM Reed, J Stach… - US Patent 20,140,378,810, 2014
Login Sign up. ...

[HTML] Advanced Robotic Grasping System Using Deep Learning
P Bezak, P Bozek, Y Nikitin - Procedia Engineering, 2014
Abstract Object grasping by robot hands is challenging due to the hand and object modeling 
uncertainties, unknown contact type and object stiffness properties. To overcome these 
challenges, the essential purpose is to achieve the mathematical model of the robot hand, ...

An Investigation into the Community of Inquiry of Blended Classrooms by a Faculty Learning Community
DA Wicks, BB Craft, GN Mason, K Gritter, K Bolding - The Internet and Higher …, 2014
... McLoughlin (1999) notes that online components of instruction are more likely to work for
students if learning style of students, cultural values, and tasks that go beyond literal
comprehension of texts to develop deep learning are implemented in the design. ...

[HTML] Travel Behavior Characterization Using Raw Accelerometer Data Collected from Smartphones
S Ferrer, T Ruiz - Procedia-Social and Behavioral Sciences, 2014
... Paper Presented at the Transportation Research Board 88th Annual Meeting (2009) January
Washington DC. [2]; M. Baccouche, F. Mamalet, C. Wolf, C. Garcia, A. Baskurt; Sequential Deep
Learning for Human Action Recognition. (2011), p. 2011 In HBU,. ...

Liminality in preregistration mental health nurse education: a review of the literature
CA Evans, P Kevern - Nurse Education in Practice, 2014
... Foreclosure of liminal experiences may prevent deep learning and role assimilation. Abstract. ...
The implication of the findings surveyed above is that such a strategy would prevent a student
from engaging in deep learning and in the personal changes this entails. ...

[HTML] Chris Fulton
RSB Director - 2014
... $357K: ACTEW Corp. (in collaboration with University of Canberra); 2012 Promoting deep learning
in the cross-college introductory Earth Systems class using new online and research-led
approaches. $10K: Vice-Chancellor's Teaching Enhancement Grant, ANU. ...

[PDF] Overview of the NTCIR-11 QA-Lab Task
H Shibuki, K Sakamoto, Y Kano, T Mitamura… - Proceedings of the 11th …, 2014
... evaluation. DCUMT used deep learning and obtained the highest scores 74 (among
97). For the detailed scores, please see Appendix 1. Proceedings of the 11th NTCIR
Conference, December 9-12, 2014, Tokyo, Japan 523 Page 7. ...

Event-Based Neuromorphic Systems
SC Liu, T Delbruck, G Indiveri, A Whatley, R Douglas - 2014

[PDF] A Mile Wide But Not An Inch Deep: Striving to Promote Deep Understanding and Learning in University Science Laboratories
LR De Souza
... A growing body of literature suggests students at all levels benefit from a curriculum that fosters
'deep understanding' and 'deep learning' in which students acquire the ability to make cognitive
connections between concepts and to integrate new knowledge accurately (eg ...

[PDF] Reflective Teaching and Learning: Why We Should Make Time to Think
JM McSweeney
... Keywords reflection, contemplation, assessment, reflective processes, deep learning Creative
Commons License This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. ...
KEYWORDS: reflection, contemplation, assessment, reflective processes, deep learning ...

[PDF] CNU System in NTCIR-11 IMine Task
W Song, W Xu, L Liu, H Wang
... 3.3 Semantic Representations 3.3.1 Word Embeddings Recently, deep learning is hot for machine
learning and natural language processing. An important product is to represent the words by
distributed continuous vectors which are called word embeddings. ...

[PDF] TUTA1 at the NTCIR-11 IMine Task
HT Yu, F Ren
... though. In the future, we plan to discover the latent hierarchy among query-like strings
using the deep learning technique [1]. For the subtask of document ranking, we
experiment with our newly proposed 0-1 MSKP model [14]. ...

[HTML] R Blogger
J Rickert
... conference. There were several sessions (Exploratory Data Analysis, Regression,
Deep Learning, Clustering and Dimensionality Reduction) on accessing various
H2O algorithms through the h2o R package and the H2O API. ...

[PDF] Accurate and Conservative Estimates of MRF Log-likelihood using Reverse Annealing
Y Burda, RB Grosse, R Salakhutdinov - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.8566, 2014
Abstract: Markov random fields (MRFs) are difficult to evaluate as generative models 
because computing the test log-probabilities requires the intractable partition function. 
Annealed importance sampling (AIS) is widely used to estimate MRF partition functions, ...

[PDF] Disjunctive Normal Networks
M Sajjadi, M Seyedhosseini, T Tasdizen - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.8534, 2014
Abstract: Artificial neural networks are powerful pattern classifiers; however, they have been 
surpassed in accuracy by methods such as support vector machines and random forests that 
are also easier to use and faster to train. Backpropagation, which is used to train artificial ...

[PDF] Fast, simple and accurate handwritten digit classification using extreme learning machines with shaped input-weights
MD McDonnell, MD Tissera, A van Schaik, J Tapson - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.8307, 2014
Abstract: Deep networks have inspired a renaissance in neural network use, and are 
becoming the default option for difficult tasks on large datasets. In this report we show that 
published deep network results on the MNIST handwritten digit dataset can ...

[PDF] Achieving Consistent Near-Optimal Pattern Recognition Accuracy Using Particle Swarm Optimization to Pre-Train Artificial Neural Networks
DO Nikelshpur - 2014
Networks [63] in which they showed that every neural network can be expressed using 
propositional logic, and that many choices of network topologies can yield equivalent 
results. In his book,“The Organization of Behavior”, Donald Hebb built on the Theory of

[PDF] Joint Deep Learning for Car Detection
S Feyzabadi - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.7854, 2014
Abstract: Traditional object recognition approaches apply feature extraction, part 
deformation handling, occlusion handling and classification sequentially while they are 
independent from each other. Ouyang and Wang proposed a model for jointly learning of ...

[PDF] Speech Enhancement Based on Analysis–Synthesis Framework With Improved Pitch Estimation and Spectral Envelope Enhancement
B Liu, F Mo, J Tao
Abstract—This paper presents a speech enhancement approach based on analysis–
synthesis framework. An improved multi-band summary correlogram (MBSC) algorithm is 
proposed for pitch estimation and voiced/unvoiced (V/UV) detection. The proposed pitch ...

[PDF] Deep Roto-Translation Scattering for Object Classification
E Oyallon, S Mallat - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.8659, 2014
... A convolutional network is a multilayer architecture, which cascades spatial convolutions and
pooling operators, which includes sub-samplings [13]. ... A scattering network is a convolutional
network whose architecture and filters are not learned, but are predefined wavelets. ...

[PDF] Domain-Size Pooling in Local Descriptors: DSP-SIFT
J Dong, S Soatto - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.8556, 2014
... Replacing hSIFT with other histogram-based descriptor “X” (for instance, SURF [2]), the above
yields DSP-X. Applied to a hidden layer of a convolutional network, it yields a DSP-CNN, or
DSP-Deep-Fisher-Network [39]. The details of the implementation are in Sect. ...

[PDF] Fast, simple and accurate handwritten digit classification using extreme learning machines with shaped input-weights
MD McDonnell, MD Tissera, A van Schaik, J Tapson - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.8307, 2014
... Note that unlike the random receptive field patches described in [10] for use in a convolutional
network, our receptive field masks are not of uniform size, and not square; we found it beneficial
to ensure a large range of receptive field areas, and large diversity in ratios of lengths ...

[PDF] Single Image Super-Resolution via Image Smoothing
Z Liu, Q Huang, J Li, Q Wang - Mathematical Problems in Engineering, 2014
Mathematical Problems in Engineering publishes results of rigorous engineering research carried
out using mathematical tools. Contributions containing formulations or results related to
applications are also encouraged. The primary aim of Mathematical Problems in Engineering ...

[PDF] Joint Deep Learning for Car Detection
S Feyzabadi - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.7854, 2014
... been studied well. Ouyang et al [24] proposed the first model for joint learn- ing of
all of these steps in one single deep convolutional network and reported good results
in pedestrian detection scenarios. Their model is based ...

[PDF] Scene Recognition
A Singh, A Raj, VK Gupta
... ImageNet. • We experiment whether the features extracted from the activation of a deep
convolutional network trained in a supervised manner on ImageNet Dataset can be re-purposed
to novel generic tasks such as scene recognition. Page 9. Our approach ...

[PDF] Cancerous Cell Detection Using Histopathological Image Analysis
A Jain, S Atey, S Vinayak, V Srivastava
... networks. They used gradient descent algorithm,convolutional network with 3 hidden
layers and 8 feature maps per hidden layer for segmentation of cells from background.
Page 3. ISSN(Online): 2320-9801 ISSN (Print): 2320-9798 ...

[PDF] DIAGNOSIS OF DIABETIC RETINOPATHY BY SEGMENTATION OF BLOOD VESSELS IN RETINAL IMAGES
K BISWARANJAN, S SARKAR, DRA SETHI
Page 1. DIAGNOSIS OF DIABETIC RETINOPATHY BY SEGMENTATION OF BLOOD VESSELS
IN RETINAL IMAGES A report submitted for Young Gandhian Award 2014 BY KUMAR
BISWARANJAN SUBRATA SARKAR UNDER SUPERVISION OF DR . AMIT SETHI ...

[PDF] Fast, simple and accurate handwritten digit classification using extreme learning machines with shaped input-weights
MD McDonnell, MD Tissera, A van Schaik, J Tapson - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.8307, 2014
Page 1. arXiv:1412.8307v1 [cs.NE] 29 Dec 2014 Fast, simple and accurate handwritten
digit classification using extreme learning machines with shaped input-weights Mark
D. McDonnell,1, ∗ Migel D. Tissera,1 André van Schaik ...

[PDF] Disjunctive Normal Networks
M Sajjadi, M Seyedhosseini, T Tasdizen - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.8534, 2014
Page 1. 1 Disjunctive Normal Networks Mehdi Sajjadi, Mojtaba Seyedhosseini and
Tolga Tasdizen, Senior Member, IEEE, Abstract—Artificial neural networks are
powerful pattern classifiers; however, they have been surpassed ...

[PDF] Convolutional Data: Towards Deep Audio Learning from Big Data
H Ali, SN Tran, ASA Garcez, T Weyde
... of the given data. One example of such models is the Deep Belief Network (DBN)
[5], a generative probabilistic model having a Restricted Boltzmann Machine (RBM)
as fundamental building block. In particular, Convolutional ...

Recognition of Multi-Stroke Based Online Handwritten Gurmukhi Aksharas
R Kumar, RK Sharma, A Sharma - Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, …
... The approach applied by them employ Deep Belief Network (DBN) that takes the raw
character image as input and further proceeds with unsupervised feature learning
followed by a supervised fine tuning of network parameters [ 8 ]. ...

[PDF] Teaching and Learning of Russian at the University of Guilan in Iran
A Sadeghi, A Sadeghi - Journal of Applied Linguistics and Language Research, 2014
... In the research question four, "Is the Russian student teaching methods surface or deep?", The
students considered for deep learning methods 66% with no agreement. In the research question
five, “Does the inside and outside class satisfy psychologically and physically? ...

[PDF] Brain Edge Detection
T Adams - 2014
... In recent years, there has been tremendous growth in development of breakthrough advanced
mathematical and computer science methods for tackling big data. In computer vision, areas
such as deep learning are advancing the state-of-the-art in significant ways. ...

[PDF] Deep Roto-Translation Scattering for Object Classification
E Oyallon, S Mallat - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.8659, 2014
... image databases such as Caltech and CIFAR. The resulting accuracy is comparable
to results obtained with unsupervised deep learning and dictionary based rep-
resentations. This shows that refining image representations ...

[PDF] Fast, simple and accurate handwritten digit classification using extreme learning machines with shaped input-weights
MD McDonnell, MD Tissera, A van Schaik, J Tapson - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.8307, 2014
Page 1. arXiv:1412.8307v1 [cs.NE] 29 Dec 2014 Fast, simple and accurate handwritten
digit classification using extreme learning machines with shaped input-weights Mark
D. McDonnell,1, ∗ Migel D. Tissera,1 André van Schaik ...

The learning management system discussion board as change agent
E Dobozy - … Journal of Continuing Engineering Education and Life …, 2015
... More importantly, they practised higher order thinking, deep learning and were able
to motivate others to follow suit and share their lived experiences and how different
aspects of their learning engagement contributed to their learning. ...

[PDF] Designing Video for Massive Open Online-Education: Conceptual Challenges from a Learner-Centered Perspective
C Zahn, K Krauskopf, J Kiener, FW Hesse - Proceedings of the European MOOC …, 2014
... Carmen Zahn, Karsten Krauskopf, Jonas Kiener, Friedrich W. Hesse 162 Research Track| tance
to stimulate students' knowledge, intensive reflection and interpretation of historical sources,
while watching or reading of the sources is in most cases not sufficient for deep learning ...

[PDF] Disjunctive Normal Networks
M Sajjadi, M Seyedhosseini, T Tasdizen - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.8534, 2014
... Furthermore, due to the single adaptive layer, it allows larger step sizes in minimizing the error
function. We also propose a deep learning structure which consists of automatic convolutional
feature extractors and LDNNs as efficient classifiers. ... D. Deep learning with LDNN ...

[PDF] The Relationship Among Transformational Teaching and Student Motivation and Learning
A Noland, K Richards - JET, 2014
... Bolkan, Goodboy and Griffin (2011) found that if teachers are able to influence the intrinsic
motivation of the students then they are more likely to increase their knowledge through
deep learning rather than simply taking a rote learning approach. ...

[PDF] Class Margins: Learning to (Un) Learn
DV Rao - Lokaratna Vol. VII, 2014
... child. In this regard, both teacher and student are spontaneously initiated into the
learning–deep learning.(Das 1980) Human learning engagement thus has to have
a spiritual grounding on which its actual practice takes place. ...

[PDF] Joint Deep Learning for Car Detection
S Feyzabadi - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.7854, 2014
Abstract: Traditional object recognition approaches apply feature extraction, part 
deformation handling, occlusion handling and classification sequentially while they are 
independent from each other. Ouyang and Wang proposed a model for jointly learning of ...

[PDF] Spectral classification using convolutional neural networks
P Hála - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.8341, 2014
... Supervisor: Mgr. Filip Hroch, Ph.D. Year of defence: 2014 Keywords: classification, spectra,
galaxies, deep learning, artificial intelligence, quasars, stars, convolutional neural network Page
3. Abstract: ... 14 Page 15. Chapter 3 Deep learning 3.1 Artificial intelligence ...

[PDF] SYSTEM OF INFORMATION SUPPORT OF FORMATION OF MASTERS'ICT COMPETENCE SCIENTIFIC COMPONENT
NV Morze, OH Kuzminska - Information Technologies and Learning Tools, 2014
Page 1. ISSN Online: 2076-8184. Інформаційні технології і засоби навчання,
2014, Том 44, №6. © Н.В.Морзе, О.Г.Кузьмінська, 2014. 42 УДК 378:004.04 Морзе
Наталія Вікторівна доктор педагогічних наук, професор ...

[PDF] Automatic Animal Species Identification Based on Camera Trapping Data
B Wang - 2014
Page 1. Automatic Animal Species Identification Based on Camera Trapping Data by Baoliang
Wang A thesis submitted in partial fulfillment of the requirements for the degree of Master of
Science Department of Computing Science University of Alberta c Baoliang Wang, 2014 ...

[PDF] STT-SNN: A Spin-Transfer-Torque Based Soft-Limiting Non-Linear Neuron for Low-Power Artificial Neural Networks
D Fan, Y Shim, A Raghunathan, K Roy - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.8648, 2014
Page 1. 1 Abstract— Recent years have witnessed growing interest in the use of Artificial Neural
Networks (ANNs) for vision, classification, and inference problems. An artificial neuron sums
N weighted inputs and passes the result through a non-linear transfer function. ...

[PDF] Information processing in living systems
G Tkačik, W Bialek - arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.8752, 2014
Page 1. arXiv:1412.8752v1 [q-bio.QM] 30 Dec 2014 Information processing in living
systems Gašper Tkacik1∗ and William Bialek2† 1Institute of Science and Technology
Austria, Am Campus 1, A-3400 Klosterneuburg, Austria ...

Slavic Light Symbols
D Kushnir - 2014
Page 1. Foreword Slavic culture is rich and ancient. The symbols in this book are part of the Slavic
culture and have been for ages. Many individuals, people and even some nations have tried
to destroy Slavic heritage for many years and through many different ways. ...

[PDF] Deep Adaptive Log-Demons–Diffeomorphic Image Registration with Very Large Deformations
L Zhao, K Jia
... 3.2 Theory of Convolutional Neural Networks The concept of deep learning was raised
by Hinton [9] in 2006, and it has brought great advances to machine learning since
then. Deep learning aims to construct/use brain simulations ...

[PDF] Convolutional Data: Towards Deep Audio Learning from Big Data
H Ali, SN Tran, ASA Garcez, T Weyde
... Deep Learning has become a popular approach for unsupervised feature learning [3]. It is now
used extensively for object, face and speech recognition, as well as other classification tasks
[1, 4]. The success achieved by deep learning is said to be due to the fact that these ...

[HTML] Orange GSoC: Computer vision add-on for Orange
GSCM Summit
... Tags: computervision, gsoc Orange GSoC: A Fully-Featured Neural Network Library
Implementation with Extension for Deep Learning. This project aims to build a neural
network library based on some great existing NN libraries ...

[HTML] Bringing Life to e-Learning: Incorporating a Synchronous Approach to Online Teaching in Counselor Education
TPC More
... Journal of Asynchronous Learning Networks, 10(1). Slack, F., Beer, M., Armitt, G., & Green, S.
(2003). Assessment and learning outcomes: The evaluation of deep learning in an on-line course.
Journal of Information Technology Education, 2, 305–317. Walker, SA (2004). ...

Multiple level visual semantic fusion method for image re-ranking
S Qi, F Wang, X Wang, Y Guan, J Wei, J Guan - Multimedia Systems, 2014
... 3.1 DCNN-ImageNet attributes The semantic attributes are mid-level coding approach for image
representation. In this paper, a kind of deep learning- based semantic attribute feature is
extracted to represent large-scale of image with complex background. ...

The Synergistic Combination of Particle Swarm Optimization and Fuzzy Sets to Design Granular Classifier
S Salehi, A Selamat, R Masinchi, H Fujita - Knowledge-Based Systems, 2015
... The proposed method constructed by hybridizing the fuzzy logic and machine learning in order
to create the granular system for deep learning. Hong Hu et al. ... [21] method considered the deep
learning concept in a new way by collaboration of machine learning and fuzzy logic. ...

[PDF] Art and Design Pedagogy for Tomorrow's Lifelong Learners
SK Pun - Advances in Social Sciences Research Journal, 2014
... questioning! is! the! primary! catalyst! for! student! thinking! and! learning”! [26].! ! The! classroom!
environment!was!created!to!be!conducive!to!nurture!learners'!interests!and!deep!learning.!!It!
was! intended! to! be! safe! and! friendly! where! meaning! making! was! shared! and! ...

Can More Interactivity Improve Learning Achievement in an Online Course? Effects of College Students' Perception and Actual Use of a Course-Management System …
HC Wei, H Peng, C Chou - Computers & Education, 2014
... when taking problem-solving tests. Therefore, the two researchers concluded that
more interactivity facilitates deep learning (understanding) by actively engaging the
learner in the learning process. However, in their study, only ...

Causes, processes and consequences of “desertification”: Results of a qualitative study about the conceptions of 12-and 13-year-old students in Germany
JC Schubert - International Research in Geographical and …, 2014
... 56. Reinfried, S., Aeschbacher, U., & Rottermann, B. (2012). Improving students'
conceptual understanding of the greenhouse effect using theory-based learning
materials that promote deep learning. International Research ...

[PDF] ECE-544 Project: Semi-Supervised Hashing for Large-Scale Search
RS Pahwa - 2014
... 7 Conclusion In this project, a deep learning semi-supervised method is presented to learn hash
codes for large scale databases. The proposed method minimizes the objective function over
empirical loss and a regularization loss iteratively for k bit hash codes on semi-labeled ...

" Cook &Teach": Learning by playing
M Bevilacqua, FE Ciarapica, G Mazzuto, C Paciarotti - Journal of Cleaner Production, 2014
Today, different sectors are using Life Cycle Assessment methods to manage risk, create
regulation and well-considered policy ad to protect the brand and redesi.

Students' mental models with respect to flood risk in the Netherlands
A Bosschaart, W Kuiper, J van der Schee - International Research in Geographical …, 2014
... 22. Reinfried, S., Aeschbacher, U., & Rottermann, B. (2012). Improving students'
conceptual understanding of the greenhouse effect using theory-based learning
materials that promote deep learning. International Research ...

A Probabilistic Multiple Criteria Sorting Approach Based On Distance Functions
BÇ Aydın, E Karasakal, C İyigün - Expert Systems with Applications, 2014
In this paper, a new probabilistic distance function based sorting (PDIS) method is
developed for multiple criteria sorting problems. The distance to the ideal.

View-independent object detection using shared local features
BC Ko, JH Jung, JY Nam - Journal of Visual Languages & Computing, 2014
In this study, we developed a novel method for detecting view-independent objects in a
cluttered background with partial occlusion using shared features. These.

DERMOSCOPIC DATA ACQUISITION EMPLOYING DISPLAY ILLUMINATION
GB Rhoads - US Patent 20,150,005,644, 2015
Login Sign up. ...

[PDF] Creation of audiovisual presentations as a tool to develop key competences in secondary-school students. A case study in science class. Ángel Ezquerra, Javier …
Á Ezquerra - International Journal of Education and Development …, 2014
... 20Competencias%20Basicas_MEC.pdf Mitra, B., Lewin-Jones, J., Barret, H. and
Williamson, S. 2010. The use of video to enable deep learning. Research in
Post-Compulsory Education. vol. 15, no. 4: 405-414. Nielson 2010. Nielson Social ...

GESTURE-BASED DERMATOLOGIC DATA COLLECTION AND PRESENTATION
BL Davis, TF Rodriguez, AM Reed, J Stach… - US Patent 20,150,005,640, 2015
Login Sign up. ...

and Distance Robust Real-Time Traffic Light Detection Estimation using a single camera
M Diaz-Cabrera, P Cerri, P Medici - Expert Systems with Applications, 2014
This paper presents a robust technique to detect traffic lights during both day and night
conditions and estimate their distance. The traffic light detection is.

COLOR CORRECTION ARRANGEMENTS FOR DERMOSCOPY
BL Davis, TF Rodriguez, AM Reed, J Stach… - US Patent 20,150,003,698, 2015
Login Sign up. ...

PHYSIOLOGIC AUDIO FINGERPRINTING
BL Davis, TF Rodriguez, AM Reed, J Stach… - US Patent 20,150,006,186, 2015
Login Sign up. ...

METHODS AND ARRANGEMENTS FOR IDENTIFYING DERMATOLOGICAL DIAGNOSES WITH CLINICALLY NEGLIGIBLE PROBABILTIES
BL Davis, TF Rodriguez, AM Reed, J Stach… - US Patent 20,150,003,699, 2015
Login Sign up. ...

[PDF] With/In the Stream: Student-Teachers Navigating the Waters of Inquiry
TD Stogre - 2014
Page 1. With/In the Stream: Student-Teachers Navigating the Waters of Inquiry by Tanya Dawn
Stogre A thesis submitted in partial fulfillment of the requirements for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy Department of Secondary Education University of Alberta ...

SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR QUANTUM PROCESSING OF DATA
G Rose, S Gildert, WG Macready, DC Walliman - US Patent 20,150,006,443, 2015
... quantum processor. To achieve unsupervised or semi-supervised features learning,
the quantum processor is programmed to achieve Hierarchal Deep Learning (referred
to as HDL) over one or more data sets. Systems and ...

[PDF] THE DEVELOPMENT OF WRITING SKILLS IN MASTER'S LEVEL ENGLISH AS A FOREIGN LANGUAGE TEACHER EDUCATION PROGRAMS: INSIGHT INTO THE …
JC GOMEZ - 2014
Page 1. THE DEVELOPMENT OF WRITING SKILLS IN MASTER'S LEVEL ENGLISH AS A
FOREIGN LANGUAGE TEACHER EDUCATION PROGRAMS: INSIGHT INTO THE PROCESS
AND PERCEPTIONS FROM STAKEHOLDERS IN COLOMBIAN UNIVERSITIES by ...

HIGH DEFINITION CAMERA
B Tran - US Patent 20,150,002,682, 2015
... The convolutional network consists of a set of layers each of which contains one or more planes. ...
The general strategy of a convolutional network is to extract simple features at a higher resolution,
and then convert them into more complex features at a coarser resolution. ...

[PDF] Software Quality Evaluation of Face Recognition APIs & Libraries
M Thulin, P Masek
Page 1. Software Quality Evaluation of Face Recognition APIs & Libraries Magnus
Thulin B.Sc. Software Engineering Gothenburg University Gothenburg, Sweden
Email: magnus2lin@gmail.com Philip Masek B.Sc. Software ...

[PDF] Machine Learning Applied to Musical Improvisation
RM Keller
... probabilistically, as can grammars. Page 36. Deep Belief Network Rationale ∎ Try to learn with
as little wired-in musical knowledge as possible. ∎ Use probabilistic behavior of network to ... Page
41. Improvising Jazz with a Deep Belief Network Melody Out Chord Progression In ...

[PDF] Speech processing in Deep Learning and Computational Neuroscience SE367A: Cognitive cience
S Garg, S Gupta - 2014
... CDBN [1] is composed of many layers of Convolutional RBMs (CRBM), where CRBM is an
extension of RBM to a convolutional setting. In the convolutional network [5], all the neurons of
same feature map share the same weights but receive different in- puts shifted in frequency. ...

Online Smart Face Morphing Engine with Prior Constraints and Local Geometry Preservation
Q Wang, Y Wang, Z Wang - Multimodal Pattern Recognition of Social Signals in …, 2015
... regression. Int. J. Comput. Vis. 107(2), 177–190 (2014)CrossRefMathSciNet. 12.
Zhou, E., Fan, H., Cao, Z., Jiang, Y., Yin, Q.: Extensive facial landmark localization
with coarse-to-fine convolutional network cascade. In: IEEE ...

[PDF] Speech processing in Deep Learning and Computational Neuroscience SE367A: Cognitive cience
S Garg, S Gupta - 2014
Abstract Deep learning has being extensively used in various fields like computer vision, 
natural language processing, etc. but it has not been explored potentially in the field of 
auditory data classification. In this project, Convolutional Deep Belief Network (CDBN)[1] ...

Reflection in Strategic Management Education
S Albert, M Grzeda - Journal of Management Education, 2014
... Thus, attempts to measure assurance of learning in strategic management capstone
courses will inevitably reveal gaps in the degree of deep learning that has occurred
in a business program. In this article, we argue that a linear ...

Special Issue on Bio-inspired Vision Systems
M Zillich, N Krüger - KI-Künstliche Intelligenz, 2015
... Künstl Intell 123 Page 3. – CVPR 2014 Workshop on Scene Understanding (SUNw)
http://sunw.csail.mit.edu – CVPR 2014 Workshop on Vision Meets Cognition http://www.
visionmeetscognition.org/fpic2014 – CVPR 2015 Workshop on DeepVision: Deep learning in ...

[PDF] Distributed Training of Neural Network Language Models
KS Tai, S Xu - 2014
... [3] T. Chilimbi, Y. Suzue, J. Apacible, and K. Kalyanaraman. Project adam: Building an efficient
and scalable deep learning training system. In 11th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems
Design and Implementation (OSDI 14), pages 571–582, Broomfield, CO, Oct. 2014. ...

The Central Role of Learning Theory in School Leadership
LM Richardson, C McDaniels - … Leadership: Perspectives on Preparation and Practice, 2014

What We Can Learn From the Primate's Visual System
N Krüger, M Zillich, P Janssen, AG Buch - KI-Künstliche Intelligenz, 2015
... 59]. In this way, deep learning approaches—which are known to be highly dependent
on meta parameter settings—could profit from the available knowledge about
neurophysio- logical properties of the human visual system. ...

[PDF] Motivation, ownership and the role of the instructor in active learning
L MIKALAYEVA
... The “analytic detachment” necessary for deep learning is sacrificed in favor of an
immediate emotionally- laden experience. ... provides greater opportunity for the students
to achieve deep learning” (2013:144; emphasis original). ...

[PDF] Teachers Taking Ownership of Educational Change via Participation in Professional Learning Communities
A Kärner, L Tiisvelt - From Political Decisions to Change in the Classroom
... A moderator, who as a rule was an active teacher, was in charge of the community. In order
to ensure the individual reflection that is crucial to deep learning (Attard, 2012), each teacher
had to give anonymous feedback at the end of every session. ...

[PDF] Need for Data Processing Naturally Leads to Fuzzy Logic (and Neural Networks): Fuzzy Beyond Experts and Beyond Probabilities
V Kreinovich, HT Nguyen, S Sriboonchitta
... 0926721. References [1] CM Bishop, Pattern Recognition and Machine Learning,
Springer Verlag, New York, 2013. [2] L. Deng and D. Yu, Deep Learning: Methods
and Applications, Now Publ., Boston, Massachusetts, 2014. [3 ...

[PDF] Real-time Barcode Detection in the Wild
C Creusot, A Munawar
... However there are three obvious limita- tions. First, the research in this area is really only starting
and in spite of the leap forward initiated by deep learning no existing system can pretend to
classify accurately the content of, for example, a small supermarket. ...

[PDF] The use of evidence in reporting on reading: A study into how overall teacher judgements are made when assessing students' reading in relation to the National …
JR Quick
... 1). Poskitt and Mitchell (2012) argue that “professional conversations within
moderation processes are the basis of potential deep learning and shared
understandings of curriculum, pedagogy and assessment” (p.72). They ...

[PDF] Speech processing in Deep Learning and Computational Neuroscience SE367A: Cognitive cience
S Garg, S Gupta - 2014
... but it has not been explored potentially in the field of auditory data classification. In this project,
Convolutional Deep Belief Network (CDBN) [1] has been applied on audio data for the task
of digit classification. ... 4.4 Convolutional Deep Belief Network (CDBN) ...

What We Can Learn From the Primate's Visual System
N Krüger, M Zillich, P Janssen, AG Buch - KI-Künstliche Intelligenz, 2015
Abstract In this review, we discuss the impact (or lack thereof) biologically motivated vision 
has had on computer vision in the last decades. We then summarize a number of computer 
vision and robotic problems for which biological models can give indications for how these ...

Implementation of discriminative and generative deep learning
J Shen, M Lee - 대한전자공학회 학술대회, 2014
Deep learning methods allow classifier to learn features through multiple layers training. 
Low level features are abstracted into high level features in learning process. In this paper, 
we proposed a probabilistic deep learning method which combine a discriminative model ...

[PDF] Methodology and Techniques for Building Modular Brain-Computer Interfaces
J Cummer - 2014
... the architecture demonstrates a unique and flexible combination of a liquid state machine
(LSM) and a deep belief network (DBN). Research in methodologies and ... 26 2.9 Deep
Belief Network (DBN) . . . . 26 2.10 Brain-Computer Interfaces . . ...

[PDF] Image Super-Resolution Using Deep Convolutional Networks
C Dong, CC Loy, K He, X Tang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1501.00092, 2014
... We further show that traditional sparse-coding-based SR methods can also be viewed
as a deep convolutional network. But unlike traditional methods that handle each
component separately, our method jointly optimizes all layers. ...

[PDF] ModDrop: adaptive multi-modal gesture recognition
N Neverova, C Wolf, GW Taylor, F Nebout - arXiv preprint arXiv:1501.00102, 2014
... A method proposed in [39] is based on low-level preprocessing of the video input
and employs a 3D convolutional network for learning of mid- level spatio-temporal
representations and classification. Re- cently, Karpathy et al. ...

A Learning Framework for Age Rank Estimation based on Face Images with Scattering Transform
K Chang, C Chen
Page 1. 1057-7149 (c) 2013 IEEE. Personal use is permitted, but republication/
redistribution requires IEEE permission. See http://www.ieee.org/
publications_standards/publications/rights/index.html for more information. This ...

lncRNA-MFDL: Identification of human long non-coding RNAs by fusing multiple features and using deep learning
XN Fan, S Zhang - Molecular BioSystems, 2015
Long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) are emerging as a novel class of noncoding RNAs and 
potent gene regulators, which play an important and varied role in cellular function. lncRNAs 
are closely related with the occurrence and development of some diseases. High- ...

[PDF] Survey of Local Descriptor of Object Recognition System based on RGB-D Images
E Rachmawati, IS Suwardi, ML Khodra - … (Telecommunication Computing Electronics …, 2014
Abstract The emergence of an RGB-D (Red-Green-Blue-Depth) sensor which is capable of 
providing depth and RGB images gives hope to the computer vision community. Moreover, 
the use of local features began to increase over the last few years and has shown ...

lncRNA-MFDL: Identification of human long non-coding RNAs by fusing multiple features and using deep learning
XN Fan, S Zhang - Molecular BioSystems, 2015
Long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) are emerging as a novel class of noncoding RNAs and 
potent gene regulators, which play an important and varied role in cellular function. lncRNAs 
are closely related with the occurrence and development of some diseases. High- ...

Mastering threshold concepts in tertiary education:“I know exactly what you are saying and I can understand it but I've got nowhere to hook it.”
A Harlow, M Peter - Waikato Journal of Education, 2014
... experience had been enhanced. Results also suggest that by focusing teaching on
identified threshold concepts, lecturers can attend to what they consider the keys to
deep learning and ways to best enable it. The explicit teaching ...

[PDF] Image Super-Resolution Using Deep Convolutional Networks
C Dong, CC Loy, K He, X Tang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1501.00092, 2014
... IEEE Abstract—We propose a deep learning method for single image super-resolution
(SR). ... optimization. 2) We establish a relationship between our deep- learning-based SR
method and the traditional sparse-coding-based SR methods. ...

Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for Multi-Modality Isointense Infant Brain Image Segmentation
W Zhang, R Li, H Deng, L Wang, W Lin, S Ji, D Shen - NeuroImage, 2015
... Keywords. Image segmentation; multi-modality data; infant brain image; convolutional neural
networks; deep learning. Note to users: Accepted manuscripts are Articles in Press that have
been peer reviewed and accepted for publication by the Editorial Board of this publication. ...

[PDF] Sparse Deep Stacking Network for Image Classification
J Li, H Chang, J Yang - arXiv preprint arXiv:1501.00777, 2015
Page 1. Sparse Deep Stacking Network for Image Classification Jun Li, Heyou Chang,
Jian Yang School of Computer Science and Technology Nanjing University of Science
and Technology, Nanjing, 219000, China. junl.njust ...

[PDF] Unsupervised Feature Learning for Dense Correspondences across Scenes
C Zhang, C Shen - arXiv preprint arXiv:1501.00642, 2015
... Inspired by the recent development in multi-layer networks and deep learning methods, we
perform matching at several levels of the image representa- tions (grid level, patch level, pixel
level). Our multi- layer matching model, designed for fast and accu- ...

Feed-forward: students gaining more from assessment via deeper engagement in video-recorded presentations
K Murphy, S Barry - Assessment & Evaluation in Higher Education, 2015
... although it was personally challenging. Therefore, via carefully designed assessment,
it is possible to provide a deep learning opportunity from oral presentations that can
feed-forward to enhance students' future presentations. ...

Centering embodied learning in anti-oppressive pedagogy
AE Wagner, RA Shahjahan - Teaching in Higher Education, 2014
... In this way, embodied practices seek to incorporate the affective and bodily dimension into the
learning (Grauerholz 200110. Grauerholz, L. 2001. “Teaching Holistically to Achieve Deep
Learning.” College Teaching 49 (2): 44–50. doi:10.1080/87567550109595845. ...

Beyond Problem-based Learning: Using Dynamic PBL in Chemistry
TL Overton, C Randles - Chemistry Education Research and Practice, 2015
Page 1. This is an Accepted Manuscript, which has been through the Royal Society
of Chemistry peer review process and has been accepted for publication. Accepted
Manuscripts are published online shortly after acceptance ...

[PDF] ModDrop: adaptive multi-modal gesture recognition
N Neverova, C Wolf, GW Taylor, F Nebout - arXiv preprint arXiv:1501.00102, 2014
... Recently, the field of deep learning has made a tremen- dous impact in computer vision,
demonstrating previously unattainable performance on the tasks of object detection and
localization [1], [2], recognition [3] and image segmen- tation [4], [5]. Convolutional neural networks ...

[PDF] Accounting and Finance Research and Knowledge Exchange Institute University of the West of Scotland University Avenue Ayr Campus Ayr
A Duff, R Mladenovic - 2014
Page 1. Accepted Manuscript Antecedents and consequences of accounting students'
approaches to learning: A cluster analytic approach Angus Duff, Rosina Mladenovic PII:
S0890-8389(14)00046-8 DOI: 10.1016/j.bar.2014.06.003 Reference: YBARE 668 ...

Generating realistic assemblages with a Joint Species Distribution Model
DJ Harris - Methods in Ecology and Evolution, 2015
... Bahn, V. & McGill, BJ (2007) Can niche-based distribution models outperform spatial interpolation?
Global Ecology and Biogeography, 16, 733–742. Bengio, Y. (2013) Deep learning of
representations: Looking forward. Statistical Language and Speech Processing pp. 1–37. ...

[PDF] Development of Multimedia Learning Application for Mastery Learning Style: A Graduated Difficulty Strategy
NAM Mokmin, M Masood - Development, 2014
... for Learning Algebra,” J. Educ. Pract., vol. 5, no. 5, pp. 156–159, 2014. [21] A. Jasni
and J. Zulikha, “Utilising Wayang Kulit for Deep-Learning in Mathematics,” vol. II,
no. Level 1, pp. 1–6, 2013. [22] Ö. Özyurt, H. Özyurt, and A ...

[PDF] Creating Time for Equity Together
M Renée - Time for Equity, 2015
... color. Likewise, the authors share a commitment to educational excellence. The
breadth and scale of these changes vary, but all lead to engaged and deep learning.
Luckily, we are not alone in these shared commitments. There ...

Evaluating student assessments: the use of optimal foraging theory
WB Whalley - Assessment & Evaluation in Higher Education, 2014
... They are used to discriminate between individuals or teams, and are not held to be conducive
of 'deep learning' in an academic context. ... Most forms of assessment are not like simple tests,
although whether they necessarily promote deep learning will not be discussed here. ...

Managing Clinical Education Through Understanding Key Principles
J Cunningham, C Wright, M Baird - Radiologic Technology, 2015
Radiologic Technology. Skip to main page content. ...

[PDF] Proposal for the creation of a research facility for the development of the SP machine
V Palade, JG Wolff - 2015
Page 1. Proposal for the creation of a research facility for the development of the
SP machine Vasile Palade ∗ J Gerard Wolff † January 5, 2015 Abstract This is a
proposal to create a research facility for the development of a ...

[PDF] Are We After the Same Thing? Differences among Different MMORPGs Players
YL Lin, HW Lin, YC Jhan - Journal of Management and Strategy, 2015
Page 1. www.sciedu.ca/jms Journal of Management and Strategy Vol. 6, No. 1; 2015
Published by Sciedu Press 21 ISSN 1923-3965 E-ISSN 1923-3973 Are We After the
Same Thing? Differences among Different MMORPGs Players ...

[PDF] Methodology and Techniques for Building Modular Brain-Computer Interfaces
J Cummer - 2014
... 84 A.4 Liquid State Machines & PCSIM . . . . . 85 A.5 Liquid State Machine . . . . . 85
A.6 Theano Deep Learning . . . . . 87 A.7 MNIST Format . . . . . 89 ...

[PDF] Practice and Research in Education
D Kitchener - 2014
Page 1. Epistemological conundrums and the muddle of de nition Key factors in the promotion
and obstruction of simulated learning in practice How do trainee teachers perceive the QTS
numeracy test? The Use of Storytelling as pedagogic tool in the ESOL Classroom ...

